the amendment amendment number one
printed in part e of house report number
11846 offered by Mr Jimenez of
Florida pursuant to house resolution
1160 the gentleman from Florida Mr
Jimenez and a member opposed each will
control five minutes the chair
recognizes the gentleman from Florida
Madam chairman I yield myself uh such
time as I may consume the gentleman is
recognized thank you madam chair be it
through technology transfers or Monet
monetary Investments we must stop
funding our own destruction through
tacid support of the pla's technological
advancement this amendment requires that
the annual China military power report
to provide an assessment of the prc's
developments and critical and Emer
emerging Technologies relevant to any
advancement of the P pla capabilities
any involvement in the ccp's Civil
military Fusion program or any
involvement in the development of the
ccp's state surveillance initiatives
this amendment also calls on the
Department of Defense Department of
State and other in agency partners to
list all Chinese companies involved in
the development of this critical
technology and determine if any us
technology components are used by these
companies or if any US capital is
invested in these companies this is
critical information to have American
dollars and Ingenuity should not be
building the ccp's Techno to
totalitarian surveillance State and
should not be funding its gross human
rights abuses we must recognize the risk
of support for entities involved in X's
civil military Fusion program and
understand why any technological
development made in China on the Civil
side instantly goes to support military
advancements right now Americans usually
unwillingly are funding the people's
Liberation Army paying for things like
aircraft carriers fighter jets artillery
shells and facilitating a mass
surveillance and oppression of the
Chinese people I think the bottom line
from my perspective is that the CCP is
an adversary and you don't defeat an
adversary or deter an adversary by
shoveling billions of dollars into their
military and Technology programs every
time we allow this to happen we are
closing the capability gap between our
military and the pla giving the upper
hand to our greatest adversary the only
country with the intent will and
capability to reshape the international
order and that's China
I urge my colleagues to support this
amendment and with that I reserve the
balance of my
time the gentleman from Florida reserves
the balance of his time does anyone wish
to speak uh in opposition to the
amendment the gentleman from Florida is
recognized I would like not now to uh to
yield two minutes uh to the uh gentleman
from Illinois the the ranking member of
the select committee on the CCP Mr
chrish Chris gentleman from illino the
gentleman from Illinois is recognized
for two minutes close enough Carlos
thank you I rise in strong support of
this amendment which requires the China
military power report which the
Department of Defense puts out each year
to include a new section on the prc's
development of critical and emerging
Technologies through its military civil
Fusion strategy the CCP has effectively
combined its civilian and Military
sectors meaning that American Investment
into China often Finds Its way into the
hands of the people's Liberation Army we
simply cannot allow this to happen by
tracking the prc's development of
critical Technologies as well as any
American support for these efforts this
amendment will help prevent the power of
American innovation and financing from
fueling the continued growth of China's
military power I urge strong support and
yield back the gentleman from Illinois
yields back the gentleman from Florida
is recognized you have one minute
remaining uh Madam chairman I yeld 30
seconds to the gentleman from Texas the
chairman of the Foreign Affairs
committee Mr McCall all thank the
gentleman for his amendment I support
this amendment I believe it will greatly
enhance the department of defense's
China military report by increasing our
understanding of critical and emerging
technology sectors which is the central
feature of the Great power competition
that we have with China and I thank the
gentleman for bringing this amendment
and I yeld back the gentleman from from
Florida has one minute
remaining thank you madam chair and uh
in closing the PRC is the only
competitor with the intent the will and
the capability to reshape the
international order we must stop fueling
our own demise with that I urge support
of this amendment and I yield back the
balance of my time the gentleman you
back those in um the question is on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Florida those in favor say I I those
oppose say no in the opinion chair the
eyes have it the amendment is agreed
to it is now in order to consider
amendment number two printed in part e
of house report 11 18-
466 for what purpose does the gentleman
from Iowa seek recognition Madam chair I
have an amendment at the desk the clerk
will designate the amendment amendment
number two printed in part e of house
report number 11 18-4 66 offered by Mr
nun of
Iowa pursuant to house resolution 1160
the gentleman from Iowa Mr nun and a
member opposed each will control five
minutes the chair recognizes the
gentleman from Iowa thank you madam
chair I yield myself as much time as I
may consume the gentleman's
recognized Iran is the largest sponsor
of State terrorism their tactics of
Terror know no bounds and they will stop
at nothing to destroy our strongest
allies in the Middle East indeed a week
ago today we saw them unleash a barrage
of weapons intended to kill thousands
Christians Jews Muslims no discretion in
between but for a 99% repulse rate by
Israel America and our allies we stood
firm this is in the kinetic world as an
Air Force officer we've done this many
times but we must also combat terrorism
at its source its
funding as a Counter Intelligence
officer I Know The Enemy must be fought
on the battlefield but behind the scenes
we must also commit to crippling them
with their lack of ability to gain
financial services that they then Supply
the funding for Hamas Hezbollah houthi
Rebels and the irgc my Amendment will
require the US government to diligently
review all of Iranian assets above $5
million to accurately understand where
their funding is coming from where it is
going and who is benefiting from it
right now Congress lacks critical
information surrounding us treasury's
non-enforcement of current sanctions
that allowed more than $80 billion incit
oil sales alone to come into the country
and this amendment requires transparency
so Congress and the American people
never have to hear about billions
potentially being transferred to Iran
through the press and not through this
Administration
this amendment also gives Congress
knowledge that we require to effectively
ensure oversight and draft targeted
legislation to ensure the Iranian regime
doesn't have access to the funds
necessary for it to finance Terror
finally this amendment holds Iran
accountable for their direct funding of
terrorism ensuring that Iran does not
have access to the financial assets to
enable their reign of terror throughout
the Middle East and to those right here
in the United States I urge my
colleagues to support this amendment
Congress must be aware of Treasury
Department's relaxation and non-
enforcement of current sanctions on Iran
today and this amendment should be
implemented immediately thank you madam
chair and I reserve the balance of my
time the gentleman from Iowa reserves
for what purpose does the gentleman from
New York seek recognition I Rise to
claim time and opposition to this
amendment the gentleman is recognized
for five minutes the treasury Department
opposes this amendment because they
believe the reporting time is so so
short and the requirements are so
honorous they believe it's so honorous
that they will have to pull people away
from doing the important work on finding
illicit actors that should be sanctioned
and make them work on this
report there is also concerns about bus
business confidentiality here and I'm
guessing if there were more time we
could make changes in this bill we could
work together to make it more workable
and strike a deal here but given that
this is up or down vote on the floor for
an amendment now I must oppose with that
I yield back the balance of my
time back the gentleman from Iowa has
recognized thank you madam chair I
appreciate the gentleman's comments I
would State the Constitution establishes
Congress as a co-equal branch time
delays alone cannot be the reason to not
move forward immediately and with that I
would yield my time for 30 seconds to
the chairman uh Mike McCall from Texas
for his great work in defending Israel
and supporting a sanction regime in Iran
I think the gentleman from Iowa for gent
gentleman from Texas is recognized thank
you madam chair I I I I thank the
gentleman from Iowa for this amendment
and I support this amendment it enhances
congressional oversight as you talked
about under article one we have a
responsibility over restricted Iranian
assets and accounts including those in
Qatar and Iraq for too long the sub
Administration has not been transparent
with the Congress and the American
people about sanctions uh and the like
and and reporting that to Congress so I
think this is a good step forward and I
yield
back the uh gentleman uh from New York
the gentleman from Iowa was recognized
thank you madam chair I yield 30 seconds
to the gentleman from the great state of
Arkansas Mr French Hill gentleman from
Arkansas is recognized for thank you
madam chair thank you Mr nun thank you
chairman McCall b stand in support of
this amendment we have to counter Iran's
illicit use of funds any way we can to
stop their reign of terror and their
attack on our Ally Israel key to that is
stopping their evasion of sanctions
These funds go directly to attacking our
friends and partners and Iran uses new
and creative ways to do that this
amendment from Congressman nun ensures
that we're stopping funds at The Source
by instructing the treasury to examine
the source and benefactor of all Iranian
assets over $5 million I stand in report
and I stand in support of the underlying
bill I yield back gent back the
gentleman from Iowa is recognized thank
you madam chair I recognize the
gentleman from the great state of New
York Mike Lawler for 30 seconds the
gentleman from New York is recognized I
rise in support of this amendment and
I'm proud to be a co-sponsor of
Representative nuns legislation the
revoke Iranian funding act that this
came out of in the wake of the appalling
terrorist attack against Israel it's
clear that we must work to confront Iran
and its surrogates in the region with a
strong sanctions regime Iran is the
largest state sponsor of terrorism in
the world spending its money on terror
on developing nuclear capabilities on
taking hostages to use for bargaining
purposes and on funding the criminal
irgc among other Provisions this Common
Sense measure would provide transparency
on which sanctions authorities the
president is failing to exercise and
where we can continue to cut off Iran's
funding I urge all of my colleagues to
support this amendment I yield back the
gentleman's time time has expired the
gentleman from Iowa is recognized thank
you madam chair I recognize my colleague
and Wing Commander Mr Don Bacon from
Nebraska for 30 seconds the gentleman's
recognize I stand in support of this
amendment we have to be clear I Iran is
our adversary they've killed 609
Americans in Iraq they've fueled and
energized or armed the Hamas that
conducted the attacks of the 7 October
they armed the hasbalah they armed the
houthis we should go after all of their
assets we should choke every dollar that
we can cuz dollar they have fuels
terrorism I stand in support of Zack
dun's Amendment thank
you the gentleman from Iowa is
recognized for 45 seconds thank you
madam chair today we stand at a
Crossroads on a precipice the result is
the effect of an Iranian regime that is
directly threatening not just our allies
in the Middle East but has access to
funds that directly threaten us and so
while I respect my colleagues on the
other side of the island I would ask
that they come forward at this important
juncture to make sure that these funds
are restricted from the use of terrorism
that flows directly to harm those
American soldiers who lost their lives
just months ago fellow veterans and
combatant arms I thank the 911 families
the foundation for defense funds and all
of those who have come forward to
support this very important measure with
that Madame chairwoman I
reserve the gentleman's time has
expired the question is on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Iowa those
in favor say I
those opposed
no in the in the in the opinion of the
chair the eyes have it the amendment is
agreed to ask for a roll call vote the
gentleman from New York
ask the pursuant to Clause 6 of rule 18
further proceedings on the amendment
offered by the gentan from Iowa will be
postponed
what purpose does the gentleman from
Texas s recognition uh Mr chair I uh
move that the committee do now rise the
question is on the motion that the
committee rise all those in favor say I
all those opposed say no the eyes have
it the motion is adopted accordingly the
committee Rises
Mr chair Madam speaker the committee of
the whole on the State of the Union
having had under consideration
hr838 directs me to report that it has
come to no resolution
thereon the chair of the committee of
the whole house on the whole house on
the State of the Union reports that the
committee has had under consideration HR
8038 and has come to no resolution there
on
we're okay
for what purp is a gentleman from
Oklahoma seek recognition Madam speaker
pursuant to house resolution 1160 I call
up Bill
hr836 the indopacific Security
Supplemental appropri Appropriations Act
of 2020 4 and ask for its immediate
consideration in the house the clerk
will report the title of the bill hr836
a bill making emergency supplemental
Appropriations for assistance for the
indopacific region and for related
expenses for the fiscal year inding
September 30th 2024 and for other
purposes pursuant house resolution 1160
the bill is considered red the bill
shall be debatable for 30 minutes
equally divided and control by the chair
and ranking minority member of the
committee on Appropriations or their
respective
designes the gentleman from Oklahoma Mr
Cole and the gentle woman from
Connecticut miss deloro each will
control 15 minutes the chair recognizes
the gentleman from Oklahoma Madam
speaker I asked unanimous consent that
all members may have five legislative
days in which to revise and extend their
remarks include extraneous material on
the measure under consideration without
objection Madam speaker I yield myself
such time as I may consume the gentleman
is recognized thank you madam speaker I
rise today to offer
hr836 the indopacific Security
Supplemental Act of 2024 the bill
provides
8.12 billion in emergency supplemental
Appropriations to continue efforts to
counter communist China and ensure
strong deterrence in the region it
includes $3.3 billion to develop
submarine infrastructure $2 billion for
the foreign military financing program
for Taiwan and other key Partners in the
regions $ 1.9 billion to replenish
defense articles and defense Services
provided to Taiwan and Regional Partners
542 million to strengthen US military
capabilities in the region and $133
million to enhance the production and
development of artillery and critical
minerals today's bill should not be
viewed in isolation it's part of a
series of three Security Supplemental
bills and a related National Security
measure all of which are being
considered as part of a comprehensive
security funding package this measure
and the other two supplemental bills
will provide needed military assistance
to Israel and Ukraine during their time
of Crisis we'll Provide support for
Taiwan as it confronts aggression from
the Chinese Communist party and will
provide support for the US military
forces operating in Europe the Middle
East and Asia including the critical
replenishment of American stocks of
ammunition America's greatest writer
Mark Twain is reputed to have said that
history does not repeat itself but it
does sometimes rhyme tragically the past
two years have produced Echoes of a dark
time in world history the
1930s in the 1930s evil regimes bent on
aggression domination and even genocide
took their first steps down a dark road
that would eventually lead to World War
tragically the Democratic West turned
inward then standing idly by while
fascist regimes began to take aggressive
actions against their weaker neighbors
there was time then to put a stop to
aggression if only we had had the
fortitude and the wherewithal to stand
firmly on the side of Freedom today
we're seeing uncomfortable parallels to
that dark time in Europe Vladimir Putin
launched an unjust and illegal invasion
of his Democratic neighbor Ukraine in
Asia and the Pacific the Chinese
Communist party encroaches on its
neighbors and openly threatens the
continued self-determination of Taiwan a
nation which continues to show the world
what a free and Democratic China could
look like and in the Middle East Israel
faces attacks on multiple fronts
beginning with the horrible terror
attack launched by Hamas on October 7th
and continuing with an unprecedented
direct aerial assault launch by the
Iranian regime over the weekend these
events do not take place in a vacuum
Madam speaker they take place in regions
around the world critical to American
National Security they threaten our
friends and partners around the globe
and threaten the continued safety of
democracy the security of our fellow
Democratic states is our security and
protecting their security is undoubtedly
in America's national interest some of
the greatest American leaders are the
20th century recognized his fundamental
reality I think of Franklin Roosevelt
calling on America to become the great
arsenal of democracy to defeat Nazi
Germany and I think of Ronald Reagan
reminding us that the preservation of a
peaceful free and Democratic Europe is
essential to the preservation of a
peaceful free and Democratic United
States Madam speaker peace through
strength cannot be delivered through
appeasement we cannot wish our way to
National security and we cannot thrust
our heads into the sand while aggressive
Nations threaten their neighbors today's
measure is not only about safeguarding
the ideals of democracy and peace but
it's also Central to our own National
Security the actions we take today will
be seen and heard around the world
Vladimir Putin is watching xiin ping is
watching the Iranian mulls are watching
what will we show them will we show them
that our commitment to security does not
stop at the water's edge will we show
them that we know that the security of
our friends and our partners around the
globe is our security or will we fail to
take action and in doing so give these
Powers the same gift we gave to the
fascist powers in the
1930s I know which I would choose I know
what I would show our adversaries these
tyrants and dictators that just as in
Ronald Reagan's time the United States
stand committed to the common defense
that our commitment to our friends and
partners stands both now and into the
future I urge all members to support the
bill and I reserve the balance of my
time the gentleman from Oklahoma reserve
the G woman from Conneticut is
recognized Madam speaker I rise in
strong support of the indopacific
Security Supplemental Appropriations act
which will provide our allies in the
Indo Pacific region with the support
they need to cter China's aggressive and
adversarial posture the post-world war
order us leadership and our historic and
strong allyship with Japan Taiwan South
Korea and the Philippines have created
enduring peace and prosperity for much
of the region retreating from Asia under
the guise of putting quote America First
would be a colossal mistake and would
yield the fate of democracy and freedom
in the Western Pacific to the whims of
an autocratic communist government of
the People's Republic of China China is
expanding its military capabilities at a
rapid pace and is using its influence to
suppress the centers we have already
seen rollbacks of once's Ironclad rights
and freedoms in places like Hong Kong
this bill provides $3.9 billion to
support Taiwan and other allies and to
replenish our own equipment stock
as well as $3.3 billion for the Aus
trilateral security partnership the
world is watching and waiting to see if
the America that they know is ready to
stand for freedom and democracy and
against tyranny it is up to us to show
them that America their trusted Ally is
right here and that we have their back
we must demonstrate that our word can be
counted on J is watching our friends in
Taiwan Japan Korea and the Philippines
are watching I reserve the balance of my
time youngwoman from Connecticut
reserves the gentleman from Oklahoma is
recognized thank you madam chair I yield
to the gentleman from Arkansas the
chairman of the subcommittee of for
transportation Housing and Urban
Development of the Appropriations
Committee Mr walmac for four minutes the
gentleman from Arkansas is recognized
for 4
minutes Madam speaker
preserving the safety security and
prosperity of our nation is
arguably our most important duty there's
a new axis of Evil On The Rise around
the world and just like the terrible
original this group is bound together by
their desire to subjugate their people
and Destroy freedom and democracy all
around the world they want to end
American leadership and prosperity the
second half of the 20th century was the
most prosperous in our nation and that
Prosperity was underpinned by relative
peace increasing our strength and the
strength of our allies is the only
Avenue to peace and this package does
just that I want to thank speaker Mike
Johnson for his courage and his
leadership and my good friends chairman
Cole chairman Calbert and chairman Diaz
Bard for putting this package together
together and putting it on the
floor Madam speaker I was in the Army
National Guard for over 30 years and a
significant part of that time was spent
training to fight and win against the
Red Army in the F to
Gap well there's a new Red Army today
and they're inching closer to Central
Europe but this time we have a
democratic country in Eastern Europe in
their way all they
need are weapons and
training and that that's among the bills
in the package that we provide today
that this body will vote
on without this package Putin will
continue his March of death and
destruction without this package our own
Army will have to cancel Combat Training
Center rotations the training events
that keep our forces the greatest in the
Free World and during those 30 years I
was deployed with my Battalion to the
Sinai in Egypt and standing on the
Egyptian side of the Rafa Crossing I saw
first and the death and destruction of
Hamas I also saw our greatest Ally in
the region Israel defending itself this
package today proves or provides Israel
the tools it needs to destroy terrorists
killing and capturing and raping its
citizens our friends need our help and
without this package our Navy our Navy
will be without critical air defense
Munitions required to protect our
sailors these air defense assets enable
and the control of our seas another
dictator is marshalling his resources
and planning to upend the free and open
indopacific region that has contributed
so much to American
Prosperity this package makes important
investments in our defense capabilities
to deter this aggression without it we
will produce fewer submarines we will
produce fewer anti-ship missiles and
underfund the requirements of our
commanders in the
region and Madame speaker AR canons are
at the Forefront of producing the
critical Munitions from tomahawk
missiles to standard missiles to Naval
Strike missiles all funded in this
package yes Arkansas like many other
states is the forge of the arsenal of
democracy so today's vote seems pretty
simple to
me we're choosing between strength and
weakness between freedom and repression
and between prosperity and decline so I
ask my fellow members to look past the
end of your nose understand the context
and gravity of the situation we face and
that our partners and allies face and
support this package today with that
Madam speaker I yield back the balance
of my Time gentleman from Arkansas
yields back the gentan from Oklahoma
reserves the Gent woman from Connecticut
is recognized Madam speaker I yield one
minute to the gentleman from Illinois
the ranking member of the select
committee on the strategic competition
between the United States and the CCP Mr
Krishna Murthy the gentleman from
Illinois is recognized thank you ranking
member I rise in strong support of
hr836 a recent survey showed that a
majority of Americans believe there's a
5050 chance or greater of war between
the United States and China it's one of
their greatest fears that same survey
show that 80% of Americans want us to do
everything in our power to prevent war
with China this particular bill
hr836 is critical in preventing war with
China by increasing deterrence against
their aggression through foreign
military financing of our partners
through upgrading the industrial submar
submarine base and by replenishing our
defense stocks I strongly urge support
of a
hr836 we cannot Wayne in the defense of
democracy
the gentleman from Illinois years back
the gentleman from Conneticut reserves
the gentleman from Oklahoma is
recognized Madam speaker I yield two and
a half minutes to my good friend the
distinguished gentlewoman from
California Miss Kim the Gent woman from
California is recognized for two and a
halfes thank you chairman for Ying
President ronal Reagan said we cannot
play innocence
abroad in a world that is not Not
Innocent nor can we be passive when
freedom is under siege the Free World is
under attack as Vladimir Putin xiin ping
the Ayatollah and Kim Jong-un are
teaming up to destroy any glimpse of
freedom and democracy in their path
deterrence is not divisible and history
has shown that when the Free World
waivers adversaries see a green light
Taiwan foreign minister Joseph said
recently that the United States failing
to support Ukraine would embon XI Jin
ping and support beijing's propaganda
that the United States is not a reliable
partner we want our allies and partners
to turn to the United States not to the
Chinese Communist Party who wants to
replace the American dream with this
authoritarian Vision in a quest to
become the world's the superpower top
economic and military power by 202
27 if xiin ping is successful in his
Ambitions to take Taiwan it will
directly hurt our economy our national
security and our leadership globally and
we know he won't stop there that's why
we need to give Taiwan the weapons that
it has paid for to defend itself and
support other partners in the region and
this bill reaffirms our support by
increasing foreign military financing
and revamping our submarine industrial
base as we Implement pillar one of the
Aus agreement which allows for the sale
of nuclear powered submarines to
Australia and the United Kingdom for
America to continue to shine as a Beacon
of Hope and freedom we need our allies
and partners to trust us and our
adversaries to respect us this is about
Freedom versus authoritarianism M this
is about maintaining a world order that
is safe for future
Generations history will judge this
institution and our country based on how
we vote today the world is watching us
and we need to deliver so I urge my
colleagues to meet this critical moment
and pass
hr836 in the Pacific security
supplementary act thank you with that I
Y back the general woman from California
yields back the gentleman from Oklahoma
reserves the gentoman from Connecticut
is recognized Madam speaker I yield one
minute to the gentleman from Connecticut
Mr Courtney a member of the armed
services committee and ranking member on
the SE power and pro projections uh
subcommittee Mr Courtney the gentleman
from Connecticut is recognized for one
minute thank you uh Madam speaker I rise
in strong support of the indopacific
Security Supplemental act this bill
makes critical in Investments to
integrated deterrence in the indopacific
it fulfills the US indopacific command's
unfunded priorities and uplifts the US
submarine industrial base in support of
the trilateral AA security agreement its
$3.3 billion investment in submarines
will both expand production capacity of
the Virginia and Columbia class programs
and provide Navy with resources to get
more attack submarines out of
Maintenance delays and into the fleet
this supplemental was crafted last fall
in tandem with house senate passage of
AAS authorities it will turbocharge a
with real capital and match the
Australian government's commitment to
invest $3 billion into the US industrial
base this supplemental along with
continued procurement of two Virginia
Subs per year will ensure that our Navy
has sufficient inventory to sell three
Subs to Australia in the early 2030s as
the agreement calls for I want to salute
Mr Cole and Miss deloro for their
steadfast leadership bringing this
measure to the floor so that our nation
will renew its role that Franklin
Roosevelt described as the arsenal of
democracy I urge passage and yield back
the gentleman's time has expired the
gentoman from Connecticut reserves the
gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized
thank you madam speaker I yield one
minute to my very good friend the
distinguished gentleman from South
Carolina Mr Wilson gentleman from South
Carolina is recognized thank you madam
speaker the Visionary Ben Shapiro editor
Meritus of the daily wire and host of
the top conservative podcast in America
wrote why Mike Johnson is correct on
thirsty his defense of Mike Johnson has
been reinforced by Mark lven and general
Jack
Kean in supporting the people of Taiwan
is crucial to be a deterrence to the
Chinese Communist Party invading and
saving hundreds of thousands of lives as
the son of a flying tiger in World War
II who served with the in kunang shungu
andion I grew up with appreciation of
the people of Chinese Heritage America
will stand with the people of Taiwan
with South Korea Japan Israel and
Ukraine we're the greatest nation on
Earth and we have to act like this this
a b basic Reagan republicanism in
conclusion God bless our troops who
successfully protected America for 20
years as the global war and terrorism
moves from the Afghanistan safe haven to
America we do not need new border laws
we need to enforce existing laws Biden
shamefully opens borders for dictators
as more 911 attacks Across America are
as imminent as repeatedly warned by the
FBI I back the gentleman from South
Carolina Ys back the gentleman from
Oklahoma reserves the gentoman from
Connecticut is recognized Madam speaker
I yield one minute to the gentleman from
Tennessee Mr Cohen gentleman from
Tennessee is recognized for one minute
thank you madam speaker and thank you Mr
Lara speaker Johnson said he was a
wartime speaker and he was a child of
the 80s influenced by Reagan who went to
the Berlin wall and said Mr Gorbachev
take down this wall I'm a child of the
60s and John Kennedy and I heard him say
in his inaugural address let every
nation know whether it wishes us well or
ill that we shall pay any price bear any
burden meet any hardship support any
friend oppose any foe to assure their
survival and the success of
Liberty Mr Reagan and Mr Kennedy each
expressed what is the will and the
heritage of the American government in
supporting freedom and liberty around
the world these bills that protect in
the indopacific Israel and Ukraine
protect these countries against attacks
on their sovereignty and their existence
they are free and countries that
celebrate democracy and we have a duty
to support them and we are engaging in
that American tradition I support the
bills and urge everyone to do so I yield
back the balance of my Time gentleman
from Tennessee Ys back the gentoman from
Connecticut reserves the gentleman from
Oklahoma is recognized thank you madam
chair I yield one minute to my very good
friend distinguished gentleman from
Colorado Mr lambor the gentleman from
Colorado is recognized for one minute I
thank the gentleman history is watching
us today the whole world is watching us
today Winston Churchill before World War
II spoke of those like Neville
Chamberlain who chose dishonor over war
and ended up with both likewise
isolationists today who choose to
retreat from helping our friends who are
being threatened and invaded will will
find that the struggles of our friends
will sooner or later follow us home our
standing in the world is at stake with
our vote today we can choose dishonor or
we can choose to help friends who are
oppressed by strong and malignant
neighbors speaker Mike Johnson has
chosen honor and is to be commended
Taiwan Israel and yes Ukraine
desperately need our help vote for all
four bills choose honor over dis honor I
yield back gentleman from Colorado
yields back the gentleman from Oklahoma
reserves the gentle woman from
Connecticut is recognized Madam speaker
I yield one minute to the gentleman from
Virginia Mr berer the gentleman from
Virginia is recognized for one minute
thank you madam speaker I Rise to
celebrate the good news for our allies
in the indo-pacific and the Ukrainian
people that the house is finally doing
the right thing today moral courage and
stound strategic thinking finally defeat
the partisan citizenism
and the political calculation of a small
minority of this body who have held our
national interest hostage some of my
colleagues say America should reject our
role as the world's dominant power
ignore our geopolitical foes as they
move aggressively against our interests
and Menace our Allan eyes they are wrong
while it is deeply unfortunate that it
took this long for wiser voices to
Prevail the house is stepping up today
to proclaim the American strength and
send bold support to Ukraine and the
Indo Pacific the Ukrainian people did
not choose this war and Ukraine was
invaded by Bloody Tyrant who designed to
go far beyond Ukraine if allb to go
expand unchecked Russian and Chinese
aggression will only make a deadly
Global conentration more likely this
moment is long overdue and we can only
hope that this delay will not R result
in lasting damage to Ukraine's war
efforts but it's my deepest hope that
this victory in Congress will help make
possible Ukraine's ultimate Victory on
the battlefield I yield back the
gentlemen to gentlemen from Virginia's
time has expired the gentoman from
Connecticut reserves the gentleman from
Oklahoma is recognized Madam speaker may
I inquire how much time remains for each
side the gentleman from Oklahoma has one
and one a half minutes
remaining uh Madam speaker i' advise my
friend I'm uh prepared to close whenever
she is in the meantime I'll simply
reserve the gentleman from Oklahoma
reserves the gentleman from
con the gentle woman has nine minutes
remaining I yield one minute to the
gentleman from Indiana Mr mervant the
gentleman from Indiana is recognized for
one minute I thank I thank the ranking
member for the time and applaud the
dedicated work of her and all the
leaders and staff of the House
Appropriations Committee on both sides
of the aisle for their commitment to
advancing this legislation I am proud to
support this legislative package that is
of Paramount importance to the strength
of our our nation to the American worker
and for our role as a world leader that
is working to defend
democracy this is an incredibly serious
moment for our nation and the world and
I appreciate that these measures rise to
the occasion to provide necessary
resources for those in need including
funds for Ukraine's military for our
Ally Israel and 9 billion in
humanitarian assistance for the people
of Gaza I encourage my colleagues to
support these measures and ensure that
are signed into law thank you and I
you'll back my
time the gentleman from Indiana right
yields back the gentl woman from
Connecticut is recognized the gentle
pardon me the gentleman gentoman from
Connecticut reserves the gentleman from
Oklahoma is recognized Madam speaker I
reserve gentleman reserves the gentoman
from Connecticut is recognized Madam
speaker I yield one minute to the gentle
woman from California Miss klager Dove
the gentle woman from California is
recognized Madam speaker I rise in
support of the indopacific defense
supplemental and all of the foreign aid
bills we are voting on today I recently
returned from a state department Le trip
to Japan where we discussed the security
challenges the region is facing from the
PRC our partners in the Indo Pacific are
dealing with the daily threat of
aggression from China China is quite
literally seeking to gobble up other
countries including the vibrant
Sovereign democracy of Taiwan and China
is working to gain leverage over
countries through cheap infrastructure
deals and digital
authoritarianism the indopacific region
has been calling on the United States to
be reliable present and engaged just
last week the Japanese prime minister
came to Congress to tell us that Japan
and the region need the United States
and that our partners will be by our
side all we need to do is show up with
this bill the United States is saying we
need you too we will not seed our
leadership and we are here for good
thank you madam speaker I yield back
gentoman from California years back the
gentleman from Oklahoma continues to
reserve have one more speaker but I
would just like to say the gentoman from
Connecticut is
recognized uh let me my colleague
chairman Cole that we have one more
speaker who is on his way but let me
just take this out opportunity um um I
just would like to say a thank you uh at
this juncture to uh the former chair of
the Appropriations Committee our uh
colleague K Granger it has really been
my honor uh to serve uh with
congresswoman Granger and she has been a
Pioneer in so so many ways uh I've said
it to many folks especially I say to the
women who serve in this house um no one
hands you anything here you earn it K
Granger has earned every bit of the uh
uh accolades the titles uh uh uh that
she has received because she earned it
she deserves it and is an outstanding
member of this body I would also like to
say uh to you chairman Cole uh it's an
honor to serve with you and I think it
really is impressive that in this second
week week leading the committee we are
passing a long overdue supplemental to
Aid our allies to your credit I thank
you very very
much the gentoman from Conneticut
Reserve um reserves the gentan from
Oklahoma reserves the gentoman from
Connecticut is recognized I yield three
minutes to the gentoman from
Massachusetts the distinguished
Democratic Whip and former member of the
Appropriations Committee Mrs Clark
three the gentan from Massachusetts is
recognized for two minutes it's Tom
three minutes
yeah I thank the gentle lady for
yielding John Gardner said history never
looks like history when you are living
through it but there is no doubt that
today's votes in the House of
Representatives will reverberate through
history will be felt for generations to
come we have learned that when figures
like Vladimir Putin emerge we will not
find peace through
appeasement as caretakers of the world's
most powerful Republic we cannot look
away when the world looks to us to lead
the defense of democracy we cannot look
away because tyranny is not just
emanating from Moscow the same extremism
that has fueled the Russian attack on
the Ukrainian people has found
countenance here in the people's house
in voting yes today we can rebuke all
those who choose to side with the
enemies of Freedom as we combat tyrants
we can also not turn away from the
innocent victims of war and famine the
suffering people of Gaza Sudan Haiti
Chad and Armen
the humanitarian Aid in this package is
vital to relieving their pain saving
their lives and securing their
children's
future as we witness so much destruction
and
starvation as we attempt to comprehend
the intertwined horrors of the October
7th attack on Israel and the devastating
toll on innocent civilians in God AA I
cannot see a path to peace that does not
provide security and sovereignty to both
Israelis and Palestinians a peace rooted
in Justice and our common Humanity it is
our hope that the votes we take today
are start but we are not simply Living
Through History we are shaping it we
have the opportunity today to shape a
future that is more just more Equitable
the bills before us today are not
perfect they consider very complex and
painful issues but they are a critical
step forward and I urge my colleagues to
join me in taking it I yield back the
gentoman from Massachusetts yields back
the gan from Oklahoma reserves the Goman
from Connecticut is recognized Madam
speaker I yield back the balance of my
time the gentle woman yields
back no woman yields back the gentleman
from Oklahoma is recognized thank you
madam chair I speaker excuse me uh I
yield myself the balance of my time I
want to begin by thanking the speaker
and the rules committee particularly my
good friends chairman Burgess and
ranking member uh uh mcgoverin for
structuring this debate so every member
in this chamber would have an
opportunity to express their opinion on
every issue this is really a a very U
welcome gift nobody's being jammed
everybody can voice their own opinion I
want to thank my good friend the ranking
member of the full Appropriations
Committee for working uh with me uh
we've had a long friendship and a long
uh professional relationship and I look
forward to the years ahead working with
her but finally Madam speaker I want to
urge all our colleagues to support all
four of these bills we are a speaker
after speaker has said at a critical
moment in our history we need to stand
firm we need to send a clear signal to
the rest of the world so please pass the
bills that Madam speaker I yield back my
time the gentleman from Oklahoma yields
back all time for debate on the bill has
expired is now in order to consider the
amendment printed in part C of house
report 118-1
66 for what purpose does the gentleman
from California seek recognition Madam
speaker I have an amendment at the desk
the clerk will designate the amendment
amendment number one printed in part C
of house report number 11
18-46-0 Saturday and we do so because
Iran has fired missiles over our very
ships intended to land on our Ally
Israel we meet here on a Saturday
because Russia has
invaded uh uh Ukraine and continues an
aggression that will not stop there but
we also meet here in order to provide a
protection and a preventative funding to
our allies in the Indo Pacific included
in those allies in this amendment must
be the
Philippines only days ago the president
of the Philippines and the Prime
Minister of Japan met with our president
in a trilateral meeting for the first
time in literally I believe history they
did so to talk about many things
including The Joint agreement for
defense that includes Japan and the us
both participating in the Philippines in
their defense on their soil by their
invitation that is how grave the threat
from China is and how no nothing will do
a better job of preventing yet a third
major area of conflict than peace
through strength and so Madam speaker I
urge the support for this Amendment and
reserve the balance of my time gentan
from California reserves the gentoman
from Connecticut is for what purpose do
the gentoman from Connecticut seek
recognition Madam speaker I claim the
time in opposition though I am not
opposed to the amendment and I Y without
objection the Goman is recognized for
five minutes I yield one minute to the
gentleman from Virginia Mr Scott the
gentleman from Virginia's recognized for
one minute thank you madam speaker I
rise today in support of the amend that
I joined with Congressman Isa and
Morland in support of foreign military
funding for the Philippines earlier this
month as co-chair of the US Philippines
friendship caucus I had the opportunity
to meet with the president of the
Philippines along with members of the
Philippine House of Representatives to
discuss important bilateral relationship
between our two countries in these
discussions we emphasized a shared
Maritime vision of keeping Peace and
Freedom particularly in the South China
and as the gentleman from California
mentioned we were pleased to see the
Biden Administration recognize this
important relationship particularly by
enhancing the defense cooperation
agreement uh this which to allow the
United States and the Philippines to
better address the shared challenges in
the indopacific region I urge my
colleagues to support the amendment and
yield back the balance of my Time
gentleman from Virginia yields back to
gentoman from Connecticut Reserves the
gentleman from California is recognized
uh Madame speaker it's my honor to
recognize and uh yield one minute to the
gentleman from
Guam the gentleman is recognized for one
minute thank you mad speaker I rise
today to emphasize the importance of
supporting our Ally the Philippines as
they stand on the front lines of China's
gry Zone Warfare in the Philippine Sea
the US needs to further commit to its
security cooperation efforts with our
friends in the Philippines since
increasing pH in foreign military
Finance in 2022 we have drastically
improved in their ability to counter
Regional threats Madam speaker we can do
more our Philippine allies are harassed
and intimidated daily this includes
highpressure water Canyons against
civilian Philippine Fisher fishing
vessels in their own Waters to show our
support I introduced with Congressman
Bobby Scott HR 837 reaffirming the ties
between the United States and the
Philippines funding our allies a simple
math dedicating 500 million in one year
ensures the protection of nine critical
military bases and post protecting 11
million Filipino citizens across 300,000
square kilometers the Philippine
Department of National Defense has
stored record with military operations
planning with us Endo paycom leaders and
to meet further fight to force I thank
by calling Mr Isaac for submitting this
amendment and I yield back the G's time
has expired the G from California
reserves the general woman from
Connecticut is recognized Madam speaker
I yield back the balance of my
time Gan yields the gentleman from
California's recognized Madam speaker
how much time do I have
remaining the gentleman has two and a
half minutes remaining Madam speaker I
yield the remaining time to
myself
recognized I want to remind this body of
something that I think is is important
today when I entered this body some 20
plus years ago another Congressman then
Bob filner and myself founded the
Philippine Co friendship caucus and we
did so because there were many promises
made all the way back in World War II
that had been riged on through what was
known as the recision
act through education the Congress
wisely restored to those Scouts those
individuals who fought and died next to
us or often were tortured at the uh when
captured while defending us and warning
us from the Philippines when it was
occupied the Philippines has been our
possession our Colony our Ally
throughout history but more importantly
the Philippine people have reached out
to us time and time again to be our
friends president Marcos came here
personally to Double Down triple down on
that relationship as a friend of the US
a democracy and in fact ready to defend
the region with its Partners For Freedom
in the indopacific so Madam speaker I
ask you please this is an amendment more
important perhaps than any other to
prevent war and I y back the balance of
my
time pursuant to the rule the previous
question is ordered on the bill and on
the amendment by the gentleman from
California Mr Isa the question is on the
amendment by the gentleman from
California those in favor say I I those
oppose
no the is have it the amendment is
agreed to
the question is on engrossment and the
third reading of the
bill those in favor those in favor say
I those oppose
no the eyes have it third
reading Mak emergency supplemental
Appropriations for assistance for the
indopacific region and for related
expenses for the fiscal year ending
September 30th 2024 and for other
purposes
the question is on passage of the bill
under Clause 10 of rule 20 the Y's and
nays are ordered pursuant to Clause 8 of
rule 20 further proceedings on this
question are
postponed for what purpose does this
gentleman from Oklahoma speaker I would
request the Y's and nays
the a& a have been ordered pursuant to
Clause 10 of rule
20 thank
you gentlemen have a general leave
request for what purpose does the
gentleman from Florida seek
recognition Mr Speaker I ask unanimous
consent that all members have a leg have
five legislative days to revise and
extend their remarks and include
extraneous materials on HR
8035 without
objection pursuant to house resolution
1160 and rule 18 the chair declares the
house in Committee of the whole house on
the state of the union for the
consideration of hr8
035 the chair appoints the gentlewoman
from North Carolina Miss Fox to preside
over the committee of the
whole is in the committee of the whole
house on the state of the union for the
consideration HR
835 which the clerk will report by title
A bill making emergency supplemental
Appropriations to respond to the
situation in Ukraine and for related
expenses for the fiscal year ending
September 30th 2024 and for other
purposes pursuant to the rule the bill
is considered read the first time
General debate shall be confined to the
bill and shall not exceed 30 minutes
equally divided and controlled by the
chair and ranking minority member of the
committee on Appropriations or their
respective designes the gentleman from
Oklahoma Mr Cole the gentoman from
Connecticut Mr deloro each will
controlan from
Florida Mr Diaz Bart and the Gent woman
from Connecticut miss deloro each will
control 15 minutes the chair recognizes
the gentleman from Florida M Diaz Bart
thank you very much Madam chairwoman I
yield myself as as much time as I may
consume the gentleman is recognized
Madam chairman when I rise in support of
HR 8035 the Ukraine Security
Supplemental Appropriations act as well
as the other two National Security
Supplemental bills and the fourth bill
that is full of strong conservative
policy
priorities as we stand here today a
strategic military troa of evil sits
Over the Horizon marching towards the
destruction of the values that we and
our Democratic allies hold so dear we
can either turn our heads away and hope
to appease this great evil or we can
stand with our allies and confront this
nefarious
Scourge history has taught us that
appeasement does not work and it was
attempted not that long ago through the
failed obam Clinton reset with the
Communist KGB Thug Putin
that Administration believed that Putin
Putin could be uh satiated with Georgia
and Crimea they were wrong and today
Putin's appetite has only grown now he
wants all of Ukraine tomorrow mova the
baltics
Poland Madame chair history repeats
itself I'm remind that reminded that in
1947 Congress provided military and
economic support for Greece and Turkey
keeping them out of the hands of the
Soviet Union and today this Congress has
the chance to do the same by supporting
these bills that confront the troa and
fully fund our security commitments to
support Israel Taiwan and Ukraine which
are confronting existential challenges
to their very existence the only way to
stand up to Putin and others like him in
the words of Ronald Reagan is peace
through strength that is why every that
is what every member voting yes on these
bills is standing for today this bill
supports that principle two-thirds of
which will be spent here at home through
investments in the US defense industrial
base to replenish our military equipment
the supplemental also provides critical
security assistance to help ensure that
Ukraine has the training and weapons it
needs to stop Putin
such as traditional artillery rounds and
air defense systems please take note of
this this bill requires a clear strategy
from the administration that defines and
prioritizes US National Security
interests in Ukraine it also includes
unprecedented oversight and
accountability requirements including
robust funding for our Inspector General
and end use monitoring of us defense
transfers also also economic assistance
to Ukraine is subject to extensive
extensive burden sharing and
transparency requirements including the
unprecedented cost matching by our
European and other
allies Madam chair in addition for the
first time ever this bill requires that
the funding we provide to Ukraine for
economic assistance be subjected to
repayment to the United States of
America in some Madame chairwoman this
is a critical bill that directly
supports the National Security interest
of the United States and I urge a strong
yes vote and reserve the balance of my
Time gentleman from Florida reserves the
gentoman from Connecticut is recognized
Madam chair I yield myself such time as
I may
consume General recognize Madam chair I
rise in strong support of the Ukraine
Security Supplemental Appropriations act
this provides UK Ukraine with
desperately needed Aid and Munitions to
fight
back against tyranny against Putin's
tyranny Vladimir Putin's greed
aggression and unyielding pursuit of
power have led to Grievous loss of life
and humanitarian
Devastation the
cruelty against innocent civilians at
the hands of Putin and his crings is
devastating
and we know very well that Russia's
invasion is not only a threat to
Ukraine's physical security but also a
threat to the very core of Ukrainian and
Global
democracy Putin is betting that he can
Outlast the will and the determination
of Ukraine the United States and other
Western allies some in this body seem
inclined to prove him right we must
prove him definitively wrong it is
completely misguided it's an affront to
our nation's history and our heritage to
suggest that we would put be putting
America First by
retreating from the world stage we put
America First by demonstrating the power
of American leadership that we have the
strength and the resolve and the heart
to fight for the most vulnerable people
protect their freedom and preserve their
dignity this bill will provide $14
billion for the training equipment
weapons Logistics support intelligence
and other supplies and resources to
support Ukraine's
military it will provide nearly the same
amount for us the United States to
replenish our own equipment stocks it
also provides $9.5 billion in forgivable
loans to support the Ukrainian economy
and 20.5 billion for the US Armed Forces
to assist in Ukraine with Mission
support intelligence support pay
equipment and other resources if Ukraine
does not receive this support which it
requires and needs to defeat Russia's
outrageous assault on its Sovereign
territory the legacy of this Congress
will be be the appeasement of a dictator
destruction of an Allied nation and a
fractured Europe gone will be the
post-war order that has kept Europe free
and prosperous gone will be our
credibility in the eyes of our allies
and our adversaries and gone will be the
America that promised to stand up for
Freedom democracy and human rights
wherever they are threatened or wherever
they are un under attack our allies are
facing existential threats and our
friends and foes around the world are
watching waiting to see how America will
respond Vladimir Putin is watching our
allies in NATO and across Europe are
watching what course will America take
we must stop Putin in his tracks right
now the world must see our resolve we
need to to support Ukraine I reserve the
balance of my time gentle gentlewoman
from Connecticut reserves the gentleman
from Florida is
recognized thank you I would now like to
uh yield one minute to the gentleman
from Ohio the chairman of the permanent
select intelligence committee Mr Turner
again for one minute gentleman from Ohio
is recognized for one minute thank you
madam chair I want to begin by thanking
the speaker for bringing this bill to
the floor
for the importance excuse me of serving
our national security this bill will
have overwhelming support on this house
floor
today when people ask why we should
support Ukraine I like to remind them of
President shei of China's trip to Russia
last year when President XI stood next
to Vladimir Putin he had an open mic and
he said change is coming that hasn't
happened in 100 years and we are driving
this change together the wi is Vladimir
Putin and president XI and the hundred
years we know what that is that's World
War I and World War Two they themselves
stood together and articulated that this
is a battle between authoritarianism and
democracy and we must stand for
democracy and against
authoritarianism also according to the
Keel Institute for the world economy our
European allies have committed to giving
more than 60 billion in military aid
since Russia's unjustified Invasion
while the US has given roughly 42
billion we are less than half I ask
unific said that the K Institute report
be entered into the record without
objection the gentleman's time has
expired gentleman from Florida reserves
the general woman from Connecticut is
recognized Madam chair I yield one
minute to the general woman from
California the distinguished speaker
amera Miss Pelosi General woman from
California is recognized for one minute
thank you mad speaker I thank the
general a for uh the distinguished
ranking member of Appropriations
Committee for yielding but also for her
leader ship and bringing this to the
floor I join Mr uh Turner and others in
saluting the speaker as well as our
leader Mr Jeff for making this important
legislation possible I associate myself
with everything that's been said already
about Ukraine but I want to just focus
on one particular area uh two years ago
and almost two weeks ago I led the first
highlevel delegation to keev uh and we
saw firsthand the courage of the people
the danger of the Russians but let me
just tell you
is heartbreaking about it Vladimir Putin
Putin has instructed his troops to use
rape kidnapping and murder in front of
family members as a weapon of War to
demoralize the people of Ukraine I hope
that our colleagues will choose
democracy and decency rather than
autocracy and evil because I fear that
if you choose the Putin route you will
have blood on your hands blood blood of
the children blood of their mothers
raped in front of their parents raped in
front of their children I urge an I vote
on this and all the other bills before
us today thank you madam speaker the
gentlewoman's time has expired the
gentoman from Connecticut reserves the
gentleman from Florida's recognized mam
chairman thank you I yield uh the
gentleman from North Carolina who is a
member of the Appropriations Committee
Mr Edwards I yield for one minute
gentleman from North Carolina's
recognized for one minute Ronald Reagan
said democracy is worth dying for
because it's the most deeply honorable
form of government ever devised by man
Madam chair that is but one of the
reasons I rise today in support of HR
8035 at this moment the world is looking
to America for leadership and asking do
we still stand behind our belief in
democracy and our we the world power
that we
Acclaim at this moment we have the
opportunity to stand for democracy and
for world order with no drop of
Bloodshed by American troops without our
help a democracy is certain to fall to a
murderous Marxist socialist dictator I
recently toured Ukraine my eyes have
witnessed the remnants of the barbaric
unadulterated terrorism that's taking
place there and my ears have heard the
numerous testimonies of the unthinkable
acts by the Russian army Putin through
his words and his actions have made
clear that our world's security our
nation's security is at risk Ronald
Reagan also said there is sin and evil
in the world and we're enjoined by
scripture and the Lord Jesus to oppose
it with all our mind gentl let oppose
this evil I yield back reserve the
gentleman from Florida re uh reserves
the ja woman from Connecticut is
recognized Madam chair I yield one
minute to the gentleman from New York
the distinguished Democratic leader Mr
Jeff the gentleman from New York is
recognized for one minute uh thank you
madam speaker I also thank the
distinguished General lady from the
great state of Connecticut for yielding
and for her extraordinary leadership
throughout this process I want to thank
speaker amerita Pelosi all of the
members of the House Democratic caucus
for steadfastly standing behind
America's national security priorities
to get us to this point Madam speaker I
rise today in strong
support of the legislative package that
is before the Congress for months the
National Security priorities of the
American people has been obstructed by
protin extremists
determined to let Russia
win a bipartisan Coalition of Democrats
and Republicans has risen up to work
together and ensure that we are getting
the National Security legislation
important to the American people over
the Finish Line house Democrats have
risen to the occasion President Joe
Biden has risen to the occasion
traditional conservatives led by Speaker
Mike Johnson have risen
to the
occasion we have a responsibility not as
Democrats or Republicans but as
Americans to do what is necessary to
defend
democracy wherever it is at risk and the
best interests of the Free World that is
what this
legislation
represents we have a
responsibility to push back against
tyranny we have a responsibility to push
back against totalitarianism we have a
responsibility to push Back Against
Terror and we have a
responsibility to stand with our
Democratic allies throughout the
world Israel is a democratic Ally
Ukraine is a democratic Ally South Korea
is a democratic Ally Taiwan is a
democratic Ally Japan is a democratic
Ally we have a responsibility to stand
with our Democratic allies throughout
the
world we also have a responsibility to
push back against our
adversaries Russia is not our friend the
Chinese Communist party is not our
friend
Iran is not our
friend we have a special
relationship that exists between the
United States and Israel
it's a relationship that is anchored in
shared values and shared
interests our commitment to Israel's
security is
Ironclad Israel has a right to exist as
a Jewish and Democratic State and safe
haven for the Jewish people who have
faced centuries of
persecution throughout the
years the events of October 7th make
clear that Hamas must be decisively
defeated for the good of Israel for the
good of the Palestinian people for the
good of Peace in the Middle East for the
good of the Free World Hamas must be
decisively
defeated at the same time there are
other urgent
priorities we must do everything
possible to make sure that we are
freeing the
hostages so they can safely return to
their families and do everything
possible to Surge humanitarian
assistance into Gaza so we can help out
Palestinian civilians who are In Harm's
Way Through no fault of their own we
must surge in food surge in medicine
surge in humanitarian assistance that is
what this package will help accomplish
with more than billion doar in
humanitarian assistance
the events of October
7th and the
suffering of Palestinian civilians in
the theater of war are
heartbreaking any person of
Goodwill should come to the conclusion
that we have to find a way to achieve a
just and Lasting peace between Israel
and the Palestinian people and the only
way for that to
happen is for us to truly
commit to a two-state solution when the
moment presents
itself with a safe and secure Israel
living side by side in peace and
prosperity with a demilitarized
Palestinian state that provides dignity
and
self-determination for the Palestinian
people let us
recommit to accomplishing that
objective the humanitarian assistance in
this legislative package will also allow
the United States to be there to support
people who are suffering all across the
world including millions in
Haiti and millions in the
Sudan dealing with famine and
starvation in a war
torn
environment this legis of course will
allow us to stand with our allies in the
Indo
Pacific in the face of continued
aggression from the Chinese Communist
party to make sure that freedom and
democracy and these values all
across the world will continue to be
triumphant this legislation will allow
us to support the bravery and the the
courage of the Ukrainian
people who Against All Odds continue to
stand for what we as
Americans believe in in February of 2022
we were
told that Ukraine would likely Fall in a
week and that Russian troops would be in
ke in a
week but The Bravery the courage the
resilience of the Ukrainian people in
the face of the most powerful military
in
Europe has proven to be
consequential in
partnership with American support and
that of our NATO
allies but the Ukrainian people have
taught us
something that in the face of an
incredible military apparatus that they
were
confronting Against All
Odds that when a people believe in
Freedom or Liberty or
democracy that can overcome even the
mightiest of
militaries and so we've seen them
despite the prediction that they would
fall in a week inflict more than
300,000 casualties on the Russian
military significant portions of the
Russian Navy wiped out
in the Black
Sea more than half the territory that
had initially been
seized by the Russian military
recaptured by Ukraine Against All
Odds but the protin obstruction that has
stopped this National Security
legislation from advancing to the floor
until this point risks all of the
progress that has been made which is why
it's so essential
for us to do what is necessary to stand
with the Ukrainian
people let me close with this
observation that this is a moment to
choose this is a moment to
choose we can choose
democracy or autocracy we can choose
Freedom or tyranny we can choose truth
or propaganda we can choose Ukraine or
Russia we can choose zalinski or Putin
we can choose a democratic Ally or a
sworn enemy this is a time to choose the
American people have always stood on the
side of democracy and freedom and Truth
which is why we must stand on the side
of the Ukrainian people we will stand
with the Ukrainian people today we will
stand with the Ukrainian people tomorrow
we will stand with the Ukrainian people
until Victory is won
[Applause]
the chair will remind all persons in the
gallery that they are here as guests of
the house and that any manifestation of
approval or disapproval of proceedings
and is in violation of the rules of the
house gentleman from Florida is
recognized like to yield one minute uh
for the gentleman from Florida M Waltz
Mr Speaker my colleagues and I have led
the charge on stopping Putin in the face
of Biden's too little too late strategy
but before we go any further we have
asked for four simple things a strategy
to get us out of the stalemate protect
the US border as our first principle
real burden sharings with the European
and a Smart Energy policy we've gotten
none of that Mr Speaker yet two and a
half years into this war we still don't
know what success looks like is it
Crimea is it all the dboss is it hold
what you got we don't know because
President Biden won't tell us and the
American people we must close the US
border and defend it as a matter of
first principle it's not an either or
but it is a matter of priorities we hear
the EU and NATO are doing all it can
baloney they can't do more because only
11 only 11 out of 31 are contributing
the bare minimum uh to its defense and
if they won't do it now Mr Speaker then
we'll when will they and most offensive
if we drive down the price of oil below
$50 a barrel Putin's war machine is done
I can no longer in good conscience Mr
Speaker ask the American people to dig
deeper behind a blank check behind bad
St policy we just can't afford it
anymore gentl time expired the general
lady from Connecticut is
recognized chair I yield two minutes to
the gentle woman from Ohio the ranking
member of the energy and water
subcommittee Miss captor who has been
indefatigable and courageous in her
struggle to support the Ukrainian people
and we thank you congresswoman Captain I
thank the distinguished ranking member
of the full committee for yielding me
the time and rise to support Liberty for
Ukraine let us defeat the spiderweb of
tyranny between Putin's regime Iran
China and North Korea we see their evil
and their Weaponry you Ukraine does not
ask us to fight for her only to arm her
Valiant soldiers to push Russia back
inside its own borders Ukraine soldiers
have recaptured half its stolen
territory armed them to finish the job
for those who may naively think America
can sit on the sidelines and seek
isolation please know this old adage if
you take no interest in foreign affairs
Foreign Affairs will find you recall
Pearl Harbor December 7th 1941 83 years
ago the United States caught in a stuper
of isolationism closed its eyes as the
rest of the world fed into deep conflict
there is no killing field on earth like
Ukraine Millions upon Millions upon
millions of innocent people have died at
the hands of deadly dictators Lenin
Stalin and now Putin if Putin is
permitted to conquer Ukraine he will
will not stop there he's promised that
support from the American people will
ensure victory for Ukraine with the Free
World giring Liberty Shield recall the
ancient words of Ukraine's poet laurate
taras shenko who died almost two
centuries ago in a Gastly prison just
like Alex navali died a few weeks ago in
a Gastly Russian prison why because they
believe in Liberty quote the time is
near when on Ukraine's Plains a Shackled
folk will burst its chains blessed be
your children in these lands by Touch of
your toil hardened hands then shall our
day of Hope arrive Ukrainian Glory shall
revive today is that day support Liberty
for Ukraine defeat Russian tyranny thank
you
gentleman from Florida is recognized Mr
chairman thank you very much I yield now
to the gentleman from Alabama the
chairman of the armed services committee
Mr Rogers for one minute gentleman is
recognized I thank my friend for
yielding uh Mr chairman um I rise in
strong support of all these National
Security supplementals the armed
services Committee just completed our
annual military posture review hearings
with our combat commanders each of them
raised grave concerns about how China
Russia Iran and North Korea are working
together in a new axis of Evil to harm
our alliances and undermine our national
security nowhere is this more important
or apparent than in Ukraine China North
Korea and Iran are eagerly aiding and
aeing Putin's brutal invasion of Ukraine
because they know a Russian Victory
there will seriously undercut American
credibility and deterrence and leave our
allies exposed a Russian Victory will
emboden Kim Z and the ayatolla to
confront South Korea Taiwan Israel and
ultimately the United States in a new
and in fatal ways and I fear Putin will
use victory in Ukraine as a springboard
to invade Eastern Europe we can't let
that happen we must restore restore
American deterrence that starts by
passing security supplementals with that
J from Florida reserves the general lady
from Connecticut is recognized I yield
two minutes to the general woman from
California the ranking member of the
state and foreign operations
subcommittee M Lee General woman is
recognized for two minutes thank you
very much I want to thank the
distinguished uh ranking member for
yielding and also for her tremendous uh
leadership uh on Global Peace and
security issues in this house thank you
Mr chairman I rise in strong support of
uh HR 835 this bill provides nearly 10
million 10 billion excuse me in economic
assistance for Ukraine
and surrounding countries with nearly 8
billion in direct budget support now
when I visited Ukraine in 2019 I
immediately recognized the love of the
Ukrainian people for their country and
for their democracy since the war broke
out I've met with ukrainians in the
region actually I was with speaker
Pelosi uh during that visit and I've met
and heard firsthand the dire situations
that they face amidst Russian aggression
I've talked with civil society
organizations funded by the United
States who facing danger and violence
are supporting refugees vulnerable
people women and children I was deeply
moved by their stories and their
commitment the United States must
support these Brave ukrainians in their
effort to protect their sovereignty
because let's be clear Putin will not
stop until Ukraine's democracy is
dismantled and we all know that he will
not stop with Ukraine now as ranking
member of the state and foreign
operations subcommittee I am proud that
we are also considering other
significant investments in United States
Global Leadership today particularly the
more than 9 billion and desperately
needed humanitarian assistance we're
facing historic challenges of hunger
displacement and conflict across the
globe I was recently in Chad one of the
poorest countries in the world thousands
of refugees are fleeing the horrific war
in Sudan they are in dire need of food
and just the basics to survive these
resources will enable the United States
to respond to not just the humanitarian
needs that we read about on the front
page but the quieter conflicts that are
destroying people's lives such as in sud
Sudan and Haiti this is a defining
moment in our history I urge my
colleagues to
resp resilience of the Ukrainian people
and stand by them
by thank you and I yield back the uh
gentoman from Connecticut reserves the
gentleman from Florida is recognized
thank you very much I the gentleman from
Texas Mr s for one minute gentleman is
recognized for 1 minute Mr chairman I
rise in opposition to the Ukrainian
Security Supplemental Appropriations act
and I will make a glaring point this war
is not economically speaking even a fair
fight the gross domestic product of the
European Union is nine times that of
Russians their population is three times
that of Russia's the European Union can
do more if the United States continues
to fund this effort the EU will not
muster the political will to do what
they should yes Russia is a strategic
adversary of America but it is a bigger
threat to our European
allies NATO Nations now many are not
doing the required 2% of GDP on defense
Europe must act with greater urgency
we've heard a lot about Church Hill and
Chamberlain if may I point out they're
both British if if the uh Great Britain
and Europe as a whole had done more with
Austria with sudon land history might be
different I implore
my border security ahead of Ukraine's
and I yield back the gentl from Florida
reserves the gentoman from Connecticut
is recognized chair I yield two minutes
to the general woman from Minnesota the
ranking member of the defense sub
committee Ms McCullum the gentoman is
recognized for 2 minutes thank you Mr
chair it's been six months since
President Biden sent his Security
Supplemental to the Congress two months
since the Senate passed it but today the
house will finally act and it's not a
moment too soon for the situation in
Ukraine is dire Vladimir Putin has
failed to re uh release thousands
thousands of Ukrainian children who have
been kidnapped and continues to murder
Ukrainian citizens on a daily basis the
Ukraine military faces a severe shortage
of ammunition ammunition to protect
their citizens and their sovereignty and
why because for months this house has
remained silent but today that changes
today we will pass this legislation we
will provide security and economic
assistance to Ukraine we will replenish
depleted stocks of us equipment here at
home and we will join and show the
Baltic Nations Romania and Poland that
we stand with them along with our
European and NATO allies together we
will support the Ukrainian people in
their Fight For Freedom we will make it
clear to author authoritarian nations in
America will always stand up for
democracy here at home and around the
world I urge my colleagues to support
these bills and I yield back Mr
Speaker gentleman reserves uh the
gentleman from Florida is recognized Mr
chairman I yield to the gentleman from
Nebraska Mr flood one minute gentleman
recognized for one minute Mr Speaker I
rise today in support of the
supplemental for Ukraine less than a 100
years ago Joseph Stalin committed one of
the largest genocides in history when he
starved millions of ukrainians to death
today Putin's Russia is once again
stopping at nothing they have used
Ukrainian civilians as human Shields
they've committed horrible acts of
sexual violence and they have abducted
tens of thousands of Ukrainian children
the history of atrocities committed by
tyrants against Ukraine is a stark
reminder of the moral duty we have As
Americans to stand with our friends and
allies against tyranny and opposition
for those in our country who don't think
what's happening in Ukraine has anything
to do with us Putin doesn't just want
parts of Ukraine he wants to end the
postor war II order that has underpinned
freedom and economic prosperity in
Europe the United States and Beyond this
package is critical not just for Ukraine
but for the entire free world so that we
can beat back The Reincarnation of what
President Reagan called the evil empire
I urge my colleagues to join me in
supporting it thank you and I yield back
gentlemen from from Florida reserves the
gentoman from Connecticut is recognized
chairman I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois the ranking
member of the transportation Housing and
Urban Development subcommittee co-chair
of the Ukrainian caucus Mr Quigley the
gentleman was recognized for two minutes
thank you Mr Speaker uh just back from a
third trip to Ukraine during the war and
yes we saw evidence of these Putin war
crimes the mass Graves evidence of
torture religious persecution kidnapping
of children it reminds us that
throughout our history in moments like
this our country has been called to act
and it did called to stand up in the
fight for freedom and in the face of
tyranny and to be the arsenal of
democracy but in recent months we have
not met this challenge it's been said
it's never too late to do the right
thing well we're coming really close as
we've been handcuffed by extremists and
appeasers now the pipeline to Ukraine is
almost empty should we F now failed to
send additional Aid Ukraine will lose
this war and in Putin's eyes it will be
just the beginning of its efforts to
reconstitute the Soviet Union in action
risk not just the fate of democracy but
the possibility of drawing our own
country directly into war so today it's
particularly important that we heed the
voices from the past from President
Ronald Reagan as he espoused the Reagan
Doctrine that we will always defend our
friends and allies against Soviet
aggression from President Kenny saying
we shall pay any price bear any burden
meet any hardship support any friend
oppose any foe to assure the survival
and success of Liberty and finally in
his last Inaugural FDR who reminded us
we have learned that we cannot live
alone at peace that our wellbeing is
dependent on the well-being of other
nations far away we can and must act
thank you and I yield
back General General woman from con
Connecticut reserves the gentleman from
Florida is recognized chairman I would
now like to yield uh one minute to the
gentleman from Florida Chief jenez the
gentleman from Florida is recognized for
one minute thank you Mr Beer I rise
today in support of the supplemental for
Ukraine for the past two years Ukraine
has valiantly fought against the
barbaric and unjustified Invasion by
Vladimir Putin and Russia we have now
reached an inflection point Ukraine is
running out of time bullets and arms
necessary to defeat Russia this
supplemental will allow Ukraine to
counter Russia with new and more
advanced Aid it will also help by
replenishing us weapons stocks and
Facilities America is seen as the Beacon
of Hope across the globe and our our our
enemies are watching our actions closely
today as the Chinese Communist Party
Iran North Korea and even Cuba all line
up behind Putin it is time to do the
same for our friends and allies when I
was 6 years old my family fled my native
homeland of Cuba I personally know the
evils of Communism the freedoms of this
country or what brought my family here
they are worth fighting for the
Ukrainian people are only asking for
help in fighting for that same re uh
freedom and what is the cost of freedom
is there a cost for Freedom can you put
a price tag on it today is a chance to
Bolter our International reputation as a
faithful Ally and to prove that we will
not falter Under Pressure this is an
opportunity to help our allies and
discourage our adversaries I urge
support and yield back gentl times had
expired gentleman from fla reserves the
Gent lady from Connecticut is recognized
Mr chairman I am prepared to close and I
reserve my time General woman Reserve
res gentleman from
Florida is recognized I also will
reserve it this time gentleman
reserves uh gentle woman from
Connecticut is recognized gentl I am I
am ready to close um Mr chairman if if
the gentoman is well General lady from
Connecticut
recognized Mr chairman this needs to be
a proud moment for all of
us this country this great United States
of
America has always LED has always taken
The High Ground and the moral
responsibility to do the right
thing to support a nation which has only
asked us to help them
maintain their
sovereignty maintain
democracy and let
them Ally with us in the United
States the speaker of this house has
come out in support of Aid to Ukraine he
said and I quote history judges us for
what we
do this is a critical time in the world
on the world stage and the speaker
continued I would rather send bullets to
Ukraine than American
boys we need to
send
military
equipment arms what Ukraine
needs to
defeat an
aggressor who has is responsible for the
death of millions of civilians
we have a moment today to say no to
tyranny we have a mo moment to contain
to take back the moral High Ground for
the United States and that say we do not
walk away from an ally we do not walk
away from Freedom we do not walk away
from Human Rights we do not walk away
from democracy that is not the United
States of America
Wiston Churchill once said Success is
Not final failure is not fatal it is the
courage to continue that
counts we know of no
Nation
today who has had the courage to
continue as Ukraine has and the United
States needs to have the courage to
stand up and to help them continue when
it
counts and defeat a tyrant an autocrat
whose relish for power knows no bounds
it is our moral
responsibility today we need to stand
with Ukraine I urge my colleagues to
support this
bill g g gentle woman has has yield
yielded back gentleman from Florida is
recognized Mr chairman thank you in
closing uh you know we may be nearing a
dangerous inflection point in this war
if the thug Putin were to win it would
be a disaster for our national security
frankly on par with the Biden
administration's chaotic withdrawal from
Afghanistan imagine how this outcome
would embolden Russia's key strategic
Ally communist China to undertake
military coercion and aggression against
Taiwan and the Fateful consequences that
would stem from that I want to remind my
colleagues that appeasement never works
Harry Truman and Ronald Reagan both
understood as President Reagan said and
I quote we know only too well that war
comes not when the forces of Freedom are
strong but when they are weak it is then
that tyrants are tempted it is time to
be Resolute let's heed the lessons of
history and support this bill finally I
want to thank speaker Johnson for his
principled leadership and his fortitude
in moving forward with this bill in the
face of daunting obstacles his resolve
is a testament to his strength of
character I also want to thank chairman
Cole ranking member deloro for their
leadership on this bill I urge a strong
wrong yes vote and with that I yield
back the remaining part of my time the
gentleman yields all time for General
debate has expired pursuant to the rule
the bill shall be considered for
Amendment under the five minute rule the
amendment printed in part A of the house
report 11 18- 466 shall be considered as
adopted and the bill as amended shall be
considered as read no further Amendment
to the bill as amended is in order
except those printed in Part B of house
report 118
466 each such further Amendment may be
offered only in the order printed in the
report by a member designated in the
report shall be considered read shall be
debatable for the time specified in the
report equally divided and controlled by
the proponent and opponent shall not be
subject to Amendment and shall not be
subject to a demand for division of the
question it is now in order to consider
the amendment one printed in Part B of
house report 11 18-
466 for what purpose does the general
woman from Indiana seek recognition Mr
Speaker I have an amendment at the desk
the clerk will designate the amendment
amendment number one printed in Part B
of house report number 18- 466 offered
by Mrs spars of
Indiana certain house resolution 1160
the general woman from Indiana Miss
sparts and a member opposed shall each
control 5 minutes the CH now the chair
now recognizes the gentle woman from
Indiana thank you Mr Speaker and I yeld
myself as much time as I may
consume um I have held um a very
principal position on Ukraine and
unfortunately this position is not very
shared with a lot of people in Congress
is
unfortunately you know we have the false
choice of of the saying that Ukraine
doesn't matter to America or support
Ukraine with no question ask with blank
checks
and both these positions are not good in
our national interest and both of this
position are not good in the interest of
the people of
Ukraine and um unfortunately this
Monopoly of narratives prevailing in our
government in our society and in
Congress so my amendment is actually
very simple and I know this is just
we're doing this amendment just for the
show and no one is going to put pass any
on the floor we still will go with blank
checks and slash funds and unfortunately
the strategy failed the American people
President Biden failed the American
people on the border on National
Security Congress failed the American
Security President Biden and president
zilinski failed their Ukrainian people
they were not ready before the war
started they did what didn't have good
strategy When The War started slow walk
the eight and really didn't fight and
deter Putin to go further and now we
have a very significant war in Europe
and and I said you know unfortunately
this supplemental doesn't just have a
lethal Aid it's had other parts and they
will go further and unfortunately no one
is going to be taking our amendments so
because we have presentations and
circuses but decisions already made so
my amendment is actually very simple it
just says we shouldn't have blank check
and let President Biden have
presidential drawdowns increase from 100
million to 8 billion including loans
from 4 to 8 billion so we generally giv
true blank check to President Biden of
16 billion Congress forgot you know that
we should do our jobs we shouldn't
create this loopholes for presidents
doesn't matter who the president is to
be able to do what they want to do this
is our job to to over see this funds so
very simple Amendment this emergency
that we created now go to the point
we're giv billions dollars Congress and
not doing its job we have the power of
the purse for a reason so all it does
this amendment eliminates for Section
that increasing and it's a true blank
check because when we say that
presidential draw down goes from 100
million to 8 billion almost or from 200
to 4 100 million from 25 to 50 million
we really don't even know what he's
going to do he can do whatever he wants
with that and that is a big problem
because this emergencies are dangerous
but also you know what the problem we
have right now that this in case of this
emergencies you know we actually don't
have ability even to ask the questions
and Congress hasn't been asked one
question that's why we have such a major
catastrophe around the world whether
it's in the Middle East whether it's
Ukraine and and that's why China Russia
and Iran are moving and we're doing a
lot of presentation with blank checks
and slash funds and no policies and so I
would urge my colleagues to think maybe
for a change and give this amendment
consideration which I have a very low
expectations and I also would consider
as I said to support lethal Aid with
border security but unfortunately that
didn't happen and it's sad for me to see
that we still don't take this war as
serious as it should be because
generally only 13.7 billion actually go
to security assistance directly to
Ukraine from this 60 billion plus
another 8 billion slash fund so we're
talking almost $70 billion plus another
8 billion of loans whoever they go to so
we're talking about almost 80 so I have
a problem with that and I
reserve woman reserves for what purpose
does the general woman from Connecticut
Mr chair I claim time in opposition to
this amendment the gentle gentoman is
recognized for 5
minutes this war is an existential
Conflict for
Ukraine as important it is a test for
the United States and United States
leadership one of the best tools we have
to get the ukrainians what they need is
presidential draw down Authority this
allows the United States to send
equipment from our stocks to the front
line in a matter of
days there isn't time to delay this
amendment would cut that Authority from
$7.8 billion to 100 million it ties our
hands and yes it hamstrings the
Ukrainian military to do the job that
they need to do to defeat
Putin we all lose if Ukraine succumbs to
Putin's ambitions and it will not stop
there Putin in 2016 asserted that
Russia's borders do not end this is a
quote do not end anywhere Russian
officials just this spring have
threatened Finland Romania Armenia
Estonia Lithuania and malova removing
the best tool that the United States has
to exercise in terms of a moral Clarity
and responsib ability that we that we
can have move quickly to arm our allies
would be a grave mistake please vote no
on this amendment and I yield back the
balance of my time the gentle women
reserves
the gentle lady yielded back the Gent
how do I have remaining gentleman has 30
seconds okay thank you Mr P I just want
to highlight we increasing blank check
from 100 million to 8 billion and we
don't even know if it's spent for
Ukraine or not just a blank check of 16
billion to President Biden purely blank
check and I consider hope that my
colleagues will support that because we
need to stop slash fund and blank checks
we will never win against aggressors if
we continue congress not do its job i y
back the gentleman General woman yields
back uh the question is on the amendment
offered by the general woman from
Indiana those in favor say
I those opposed say
no in the opinion of the chair the NOS
have it the amendment is not agreed to I
request a recorded vote purpose is a
general lady from Indiana seek
recognition I request Y and
nays do you reest a recorded vote
recorded vote okay so pursuing to Clause
six of rule 18 further proceedings on
the amendment offered by the gentlewoman
from Indiana will be postponed
it is now in order to uh consider
amendment number two printed in Part B
of house report 11 18- 466 for what
purpose does the general woman from
Georgia seek
recognition Mr Speaker I have an
amendment at the desk the clerk will
designate the amendment amendment number
two print it in Part B of house report
number 118
d466 offered by Miss green of Georgia
pursuant to house resolution 1160 the
gentlewoman from Georgia Miss green and
a member opposed each will control 5
minutes the chair now recognizes the
gentlewoman from Georgia Thank you Mr
Speaker my Amendment today would drive
uh the amendment uh the bill for Ukraine
take each dollar amount in this act is
hereby reduced to zero you see the
United States taxpayer has already sent
$13 billion to Ukraine and a lot of that
money is unaccounted
for this is a continuance of a sick
business model that the American
government
continues the federal government
continues to fund the
military-industrial complex and this
this is a business model that requires
Congress to continue to vote for money
to continue to fund Foreign Wars and
this is a business model the American
people do not support they don't support
a business model built on blood
and murder and War in foreign countries
while this very government does nothing
to secure our border the American people
are over $34 trillion in debt and the
debt is Rising by over $40 billion every
single night while we all
sleep but yet nothing is done to secure
our border or reduce our debt inflation
has driven out of control Americans are
suffering every single day they can
hardly afford their grocery bills they
can can hardly afford gas in their car
they can hardly afford rent and now
mortgage payments are well over
$3,000 where they were only just over
$1,700 three years ago the youngest
generation young adults don't even think
they're going to be able to buy a home
in their lifetime and today in Congress
the most important thing that this body
thinks should be done is to send another
$61 billion to a war in Ukraine that the
American people by 70% % do not support
mind you this comes on the very heels of
Monday being April 15th tax day where
every single American had to scr up
their money and send their dollars in to
the IRS or some of them had to file
extensions because they weren't ready
and didn't have the money to pay their
taxes but today this body says the most
important thing we can do no is not
reduce spending that's not it not to do
anything to drive down inflation oh no
we can't do that for the American people
it's not to secure our own border that
is invaded every single day every single
day by people from over 160 different
countries no don't secure the American
Border let everyone in we have over 1.8
million known Goda aways we don't know
who these people are and yet you have
members of this body
talking big and tough about oh we have
to defeat Russia oh we have to protect
Ukraine but yet all of you are unwilling
to protect the American citizens that
pay your paycheck pay the pay the light
bills in this building and pay for this
entire federal government for
what for nothing Ukraine is not even a
member of
NATO Ukraine is not a member of NATO but
the most important thing you hear in
Washington DC is oh we have to spend
Americans hard-earned tax dollars over
to Ukraine and keep the money going to
continue to murder ukrainians wipe out
an entire generation of Ukrainian men so
that they widows they are fatherless
orphans there are not enough men to work
in their Industries oh but you really
support
Ukraine wow what kind of support is that
it's repulsive
you know shame on the American
government shame on the American
government if we support our military
support our military we should be
funding to build up our weapons and
ammunition not to send it over to
foreign countries to kill foreign
peoples and if this body was worth what
it claims to be what it is every single
one of us would be demanding peace in
Ukraine between these countries peace
for these people so that no more of them
have to die but you never hear anybody
demanding peace no no no no peace is the
last thing Washington wants because it
doesn't fit the business model this is a
business model that they say continues
our economy protects American jobs what
a disgusting business
model we should have a business model
that builds up our American companies
and American jobs to Serve American
interest and our military and our
government should care about protecting
the National Security of the United
States of America and the Americans that
pay their hard-earned tax dollars to
fund all of this America last America
last that's all this is every single day
America last gent gentle woman's time
has expired I yield gentlewoman yields
for what purpose does the gentle woman
from Connecticut seek recognition Mr
chair I rise in opposition to this
amendment strong opposition to this
amendment which would eviscerate is
recognized for Bill five minutes thank
you in the postor War II construct the
United States is a witness to the World
on the values of democracy and
freedom these values have provided the
United States of America with strong
allies across the globe it has helped
our partners in Europe and NATO to
support Ukraine against Vladimir Putin's
unjust War if we do not provide
Munitions Ukraine will fall and Putin
will be emboldened and the green
amendment allows Putin to control Europe
abdicating our leadership role and
Promises Promises to our allies cannot
happen we must support Ukraine's defense
the world prior to World War II was
unstable with authoritarian fascist
leaders seeking power and voting no on
this amendment will ensure that history
does not in fact repeat itself I urge
all of you to vote no I reserve the
balance of my time gentle lady has the
only time two minutes to the gentoman
from Minnesota the ranking member of the
defense subcommittee Miss McCullum
gentoman is recognized for two minutes
thank you Mr chair and I thank the
ranking member I rise in very strong
opposition to this amendment
cutting the funding in this bill would
be devastating to zero out our support
for Ukraine would only embolden Puttin
more as I said earlier murdering
civilians on a daily basis is what the
Russian government is up to as well as
holding thousands of Ukrainian children
as captives as ranking member of the
defense appropriation subcommittee I
know the funds included in this bill
will provide Ukraine with the vital
support they need to defend themselves
if this amendment were to pass we would
set send a signal that the United States
does not stand against Putin's campaign
of death and destruction in Ukraine we
absolutely must stand against Putin's
aggression if Putin is allowed to
succeed in snuffing out Ukraine's
democracy it will put our allies in the
Balan States Poland Romania and other
NATO Partners at Great risk the funds in
this bill also strengthens America's
national security by supporting our
operations in Europe backfilling our own
military stocks so that we are prepared
I strongly urge a no vote on this
amendment and Mr Speaker I yield back
the gentoman uh yields back gentoman
from Connecticut so chair I yield two
minutes to the gentleman from Washington
the ranking member of the armed services
committee Mr Smith the gentleman's
recognize for two minutes thank you Mr
Speaker I want to focus on one argument
of the sponsor of this amendment who's
basically saying that if we pass this
bill we are advocating the killing of
ukrainians that that is a uniquely
demented way of looking at this war
Putin invades Putin as we speak is
bombing and killing Ukrainian civilians
and the only thing that is reducing the
number that he can kill is the
ukrainians ability to fight back so to
look at this from a pure Russian
propaganda standpoint they invade they
bomb they kill and it's our fault for
helping the ukrainians defend themselves
that is the argument here against
supporting Ukraine and it literally
makes no sense if you want peace give
the ukrainians the strength to stop
Putin he is the one that will not come
to The Barking table right now because
he thinks he's winning he thinks he can
go all the way to Kei he thinks he can
take the whole country if we give the
ukrainians the ability to stop him that
forces him to the table it makes no
sense to say that giving the ukrainians
the ability to defend themselves is
what's killing them when it is very
clearly the Russians that are killing
them and I would also note that no
president has added more to the deficit
in one fouryear or the debt sorry in one
four-year term than president Trump and
I didn't hear a single Republican
complaining about the debt or the
deficit during that period of time the
ukrainians need our help to bring peace
to stop Putin to stop what he is trying
to do also to miss mccullum's point this
also helps our industrial base we Face a
dangerous World between Russia Iran
China North Korea all of whom are
working together by the way if we don't
help Ukraine stop Russia that helps Iran
that helps China that helps North Korea
this is about our national security
which I am quite confident that whether
asleep or awake the American people also
care dearly about please defeat this
amendment and support Ukraine and
support United States national security
interests thank you I yield back
gentleman yields General woman from con
Connecticut recognized
speaker I yield back gentlewoman yields
back the question is on the amendment
offered by the gentlewoman from Georgia
those in favor say I I those opposed say
no no in the opinion of the chair the
NOS have it the amendment is not Mr
Speaker for what purpos do the woman
from the gentle woman from Georgia
secret I ask for the A's and
nays the gentlewoman ask for a recorded
recorded vote pursuant to Clause six of
rule 18 for the proceeding on the
amendment offered by the gentoman from
Georgia will be
postponed the chair understands that
Amendment Three will not be
offered it is now in order to consider
amendment number four printed in Part B
of house report 11 18- 466 for what
purpose does a gentle woman from Florida
seek recognition thank you Mr Speaker I
have an amendment at the desk the Kirk
will designate the amendment amendment
number four print it in part B of house
report number 18- 466 offered by Mrs
kamik of
Florida pursuant to house resolution
1160 the gentoman from Florida Miss
kamik and a member oppos each will
control 5 minutes the CH the chair now
recognizes a gentoman from Florida thank
you Mr Speaker I yield myself as much
time as I may consume G woman is
recognized thank you Mr Speaker I rise
in support of my amendment to HR 835
which would eliminate all non-military
funding in this Ukrainian Aid package
breaking this down a bit that would mean
cutting nearly
10.5 billion with a B from this whopping
$60 billion Ukrainian Bill to date
American taxpayers have already given
$113 billion to Ukraine since Russia's
Invasion this new spending $60 billion
is designated as emergency spending mean
it Go meaning it goes straight to our
national debt a national debt that grows
every single second to the tune of $8
billion every single day since Russia
has invaded Ukraine in February of 2022
there has been robust debate in Congress
in this chamber about the United States
role in the war now while we here in
this chamber disagree on the role that
we should play there is one thing that I
hope that we can agree on we as the
United States Representatives should not
and I repeat should not not forsake our
own National Security in favor of
another Nation we should not secure the
borders of Nations abroad while
simultaneously ignoring the very real
and very dangerous border crisis in our
own country while we should debate the
merits of providing funds for weapons
and equipment to defeat Russia in this
conflict funds that fall outside of
immediate narrow and lethal Aid should
not warrant the same urgency or
consideration all told sections of this
bill that are not lethal Aid come right
to about $10.5 billion with the bulk of
it going to support the Ukrainian
economy not the American economy the
Ukrainian economy and anyone who is
living under Biden's economic plan right
now knows that it
sucks we need to be clear this is
emergency spending again going straight
to our national debt full stop and again
we are borrowing $8 billion a day over
the past 20 years Congress has
designated 12 trillion doll in emergency
spending with these funds in the bill
that are not designated for military
purposes the American people are
resigned once again to absorbing another
10.5 billion do to support Ukraine and
their economy while simultan
simultaneously adding the debt to our
34.7 trillion national debt that is
simply unacceptable we are robbing Peter
to pay Paul and the American people are
once again left holding the bag you
cannot stand here on this chamber's
floor as a representative of the
American people in the people's house
and sincerely say that you have done
everything possible to look out for
American National Security and American
Economic Security if we don't narrow the
focus of this bill we have to adopt this
amendment and by the way while I was
speaking we have added another $5.5
million to the national debt I urge my
colleagues to support this amendment and
I reserve gentleman
reserves for for what purpose does a
gentleman from Florida secret I claim
the uh time of an opposition if you
would the gentleman is recognized for
five minutes Mr chairman I rise in
opposition to this amendment from one of
the people that I most admire and again
a dear friend and a colleague from
Florida
this is clearly a well-intended
Amendment and frankly when I was
listening to her presentation there are
so many things that I agreed with what
she
said
um but it would strike all funding in
the bill except for the foreign military
financing and so as I mentioned there's
so many things that I agree with what
you said I agree for example that over
time the United States needs to we must
Focus its effort on really intelligence
and essential Military Support I totally
agree with that
she also talked about how we need to
narrow the scope I would argue that
unfortunately the amendment needs to be
narrowed a bit should have been narrowed
a bit um because it would be really
really counterproductive the way it's
written at this time and let me
respectfully explain why first the
amendment would zero out zero out
funding to keep us
Personnel us Personnel in our Embassy in
Ukraine safe
I don't think that's something that we
should be doing right now uh also the
funding to enhance the US government's
presence in order to conduct oversight
which is something that I've been
clamoring for a lot of us have been
clamoring for uh uh begging and pleading
and working for well this would
eliminate that as well uh and by the way
it would eliminate including for the
oversight of the military portion of the
assistance
now
secondly it would eliminate funding for
the States Department the state
departments and usaid's Inspector
General from whom we
require unprecedented oversight
plans but then obviously we need to give
them the resources for this critical
work because we have to have oversight
and that's something that I know that at
least on my side of the ow we all agree
on regardless of what you believe our
role should be in in Ukraine and again
unfortunately as I mentioned this would
eliminate that the funding for that
third it would also eliminate funding
for investigations of Russian war crimes
in Ukraine and as well as assistance to
help secure Ukrainian nuclear
facilities and we've seen those in the
news under Threat by the Russians and
also the funds for uh potentially
clearance of Russian mines and finally
it would eliminate economic support for
Ukraine and that is something that the
sponsor of this amendment is is really
focused on but I would argue even there
that is essential at this moment right
now look it's pretty clear that Putin
has been targeting farmlands and
infrastructure energy infrastructure
road infrastructure and Ukraine's uh
industrial base and by the way he's
doing that for a reason you see
crippling Ukraine's
economy and Putin knows this has a
direct impact on Ukraine's ability to
stop
Putin so now as chairman of the state of
foreign operations subcommittee I can
assure you that not only do I understand
the sponsor of dis amendment's
frustration I get it I share
it but that's why again we need to have
the language that's currently in the
bill I understand her concern and her
frustration because of the lack of
transparency and strategy on the funding
that has already been provided so that's
why this is very clear that's why this
legislation includes many of the
critical oversight and burdens sharing
priorities that I'm very proud
originated in the fy4 State Foreign
operations Bill these include
unprecedented co uh cost matching
requirements so that other donors step
up they must step up the bill imposes
layers and layers and layers of
conditions on the funding including for
uh inperson monitoring for example this
bill requires I know novel concept a
strategy that must be developed and
submitted so that Congress can evaluate
the execution of Aid and its alignment
with us National Security interests
another significant change by the way
from the Senate supplemental is a
requirement in this bill that the
economic support to Ukraine be repaid
transforming assistance from a grant to
alone I am so grateful to the sponsor of
this am Amendment for her work I
appreciate the intent of this amendment
but we cannot afford to Short change our
oversight funding our Diplomatic
Security funding and other strategic
priorities so for those reasons with uh
again great admiration and respect for
the sponsor of this amendment I must I
must urge a no vote on this amendment
and I reserve the balance of my time
gentleman's time has expired the gentle
woman from Florida is recognized thank
you Mr Speaker and uh let me just Begin
by saying the feeling is mutual I have
tremendous respect and admiration for my
colleague from the Sunshine State um and
I hear loud and clear the critical
elements of this bill that have been
deemed necessary heck I deem them
necessary the American people and the
representatives in this chamber we
demand fully accountability and
transparency however there are multiple
poison pills within this text that the
American people and certainly not my
constituents back home support for
example 300 million for international
narcotics control and law enforcement
what about the 100,000 plus people every
single year in America that are being
poisoned by fentanyl where is the
funding to stop the flow of fentanyl
into the United States what about the 25
million for transition initiatives what
about the 60 million for diplomatic
programs I noticed that my colleague
again who I deeply respect he mentioned
that part of that is for security but
what about the rest or the 481 million
for Refugee and entrance assistance we
have a border crisis that has resulted
in one of the most egregious Public
Health Public Safety humanitarian and
National Security crises in American
history we are approaching over 10
million illegals Crossing into our
country being quote unquote paroled
which is just a fancy way of saying
Catch and Release into the United States
approaching 2 million Goda ways we have
a massive crisis here at home and if
America is not safe and secure here at
home we cannot help our partners abroad
I urge respectfully that my colleagues
put America First and adopt this
amendment with that I yield
the gentle gentle gentoman from Florida
yields um the question is on the
amendment offered by the gentlewoman
from Florida those in favor say I I
those oppose say
no in the opinion of the chair's that
the no have it the amendment is not
agreed to speaker I request a recorded
vote a recorded vote is requested
pursuant to Clause 6 of rule 18 further
proceedings on the amendment offered by
the gentoman from Florida will be post
postponed what purpose is the gentleman
from FL to seek Rec recognition thank
you Mr chairman uh I now move that the
committee do
rise the question is on the motion that
the committee rise all those in favor
say I I all those propos say no very
motional the eyes have it the motion is
adopted according to the committee
Rises Mr chairman
the chair of the committee of the whole
house on the State of the Union reports
that the committee has under
consideration HR
8035 and has come to no resolution
thereon for what purpose does the
gentleman from California Mr Calbert
seek recognition Mr Speaker pursuant to
house resolution 1160 I call up the bill
HR 834 the is Israel Security
Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2024
and ask for its immediate consideration
in the house the clerk will report the
title of the bill HR 834 a bill making
emergency supplemental Appropriations to
respond to the situation in Israel and
for related expenses for the fiscal year
ending September 30th 2024 and for other
purposes U to house resolution 1160 the
bill is considered red the bill shall be
debatable for 30 minutes equally divided
and controlled by the chair and ranking
minority member of the committee on the
appropriations of their respective
designes the gentleman from California
Mr Calbert and the gentlewoman from
Connecticut Miss delor Doo will each
control 15 minutes the chair recognizes
a gentleman from California Mr Calbert
Mr Speaker I ask unanimous consent that
all members have five legislative days
to revise and extend their remarks and
include extraneous material on the
measure under consideration without
objection Mr Speaker I yield myself with
time I might consume the gentleman is
recognized Mr Speaker I rise today to
offer house resolution 8034 the is
Israel Security Supplemental
Appropriations Act of 20 24 this bill
provides 26.385897
the world is in chaos Americans have
been killed and our allies and partners
are dying in the front lines every day
Ukraine is entering its third year of a
war to repel Russia's Invasion while
forced to conserve their Munitions and
choose which areas to defend Israel is
avenging its innocent civilians who were
murdered raped brutalized and taken
hostage by Hamas while defending its
country from a barrage of Iranian
missiles
indopacific Nations face China Daily
with strength and resolve knowing they
are likely next the United States is not
on the sidelines in these conflicts our
service members are under daily attack
in the Red Sea standing watch along
NATO's Eastern flank and being routin
routinely challenged in the Indo
indopacific five American dra flag
draped coffins have returned home in the
past 6 months
when we go to war we go to war with what
we have there is no time to forge new
alliances no ability to reconstruct
abandoned production lines and no Hidden
Reserve of fully trained and ready
troops this is the situation our allies
and partners in Israel Ukraine Taiwan
and other indopacific nations face today
it is a situation ourselves May face
sooner than we think XI Putin kman
and terrorist leaders will not back down
unless met with a strong and Resolute
America standing shoulder-to-shoulder
with our constellation of allies and
partners these bills provide the funding
necessary to defeat and defer DET our
enemies while the bills carry the names
of other countries there is one nation
that I care about above all others and
that is ours these conflicts have
exposed the fragility of our defense
industrial base and dire need to invest
in factories shipyards assembly lines
that manufactures the instruments of Our
National Defense in recognition of this
fact over 59 billion across these bills
go into our defense industrial base
including 3.3 billion to supercharge a
submarine industrial base 29.5 billion
to replenish our stocks of us defense
systems and services provided to Israel
Ukraine ukine and Taiwan
1.13 billion to expand procurement and
development of artillery and critical
Munitions each conflict has its unique
needs and addressed by the in these
bills including 5.2 billion to replenish
Israel's Iron Dome David sling and
procure the iron beam missile defense
systems 542 million for unfunded
priorities expressed requested by the
Endo paycom commander and and 13.8
billion directly to procure us
capability for Ukraine our servicemen
and women across the globe are being
asked to operate at a war time Tempo to
track respond and engage emerging
threats these bills provide the
resources necessary to support their
operations with 11.3 billion for current
US operations in Europe 2.4 billion for
our forces in the Middle East who are
under daily attack
Mr Speaker we have been complacent for
far too long as our allies and partners
and our own service members have been
under attack this Congress has a solemn
obligation to our military to provide
them with the resources they need to
deter and win our nation's Wars Douglas
MacArthur once said that the history of
the failure of War can almost be summed
up in two
words too late when conflict occurs we
will fight with what we have and who is
with us Mr Speaker I encourage my
colleagues to vote Yes on these bills to
ensure our military Readiness and
revigor American defense industry I
encourage them to vote Yes to reinforce
our Israeli Ukrainian Taiwanese and
indopacific allies and partners I
encourage them to vote Yes so that
future Generations May write on what we
did here today they weren't too late
thank you and I reserve the balance of
my
time the gentleman
reserves the gentle lady from
Connecticut is recognized speaker I
yield myself such time as I may
consume the gentlewoman is
recognized Mr Speaker I rise in strong
support of the Israel Security
Supplemental Appropriations act which
will provide Israel with desperately
needed Aid to respond to the horrific
October 7th attacks and protect itself
from Iran and its proxies what happened
in Israel on October 7th was horrifying
on a recent trip to Israel I saw
firsthand the remnants of the violence
that innocent people were subjected to
including the site of the Supernova suut
Gathering the Gathering at which it was
a music festival that Hamas attacked
kibot Beret and the homes where so many
were massacred and hostage Square where
I met with families of those taken
hostage by Hamas the United States has
not forgotten October 7th and today we
are providing the aid Israel has needed
since the day Hamas terrorists killed
innocent Israeli civilians in the worst
attack on Jewish people since the
Holocaust just last weekend Israel was
openly indirectly attacked by Iran I
applaud the role of the United States in
providing Israel with support in its
defense against that
attack but while we must ensure Israel
can stand strong in the face of
adversaries like Iran that seek its
Annihilation we must also ensure that
every step possible is taken to protect
innocent life in Gaza and
Elsewhere on my trip we also went to
kbet Zuta a Palestinian Village in the
West Bank where settlers destroyed homes
and a
school on the trip we were also briefed
by Gaza uh from Gaza by humanitarian
organizations including unra which have
lost hundreds of staff to the
violence to that end I have called from
an immediate ceasefire of at least 6
weeks to facilitate the safe delivery of
Aid to civilians in Gaza we must protect
Aid workers we must open additional
Crossings to bring in at least five 00
trucks a day and ensure that food is
never used as a weapon of War innocent
families are in danger children are
starving and civilian casualties are
mounting not just in Gaza but in
Conflict zones all around the world the
more than 9 billion dollar in
humanitarian support in this bill would
make sure that we are not leaving gazin
the ukrainians the sudanes the Haans or
the rohinga behind we must pass this
bill ensure Israel has the resources it
needs to defend itself and that much
needed humanitarian Aid can flow to
millions of vulnerable people around the
world I urge your support and I reserve
the balance of my time the gentle lady
reserves gentleman is
recognized I yield to the gentleman from
Georgia a member of the Appropriations
Committee Mr Clyde for one
minute the gentleman's
recognized thank you chairman calber I
will always stand with our greatest Ally
in the Middle East Israel but I rise
today to express my serious concerns
with a very flawed supplemental in
November I supported the First Security
Supplemental for Israel which was
financially paid for and would have
provided weapons and equipment for
Israel's fight against Hamas the cost
was offset by resending Democrats
unprecedented expansion of the IRS today
we are considering a vastly different
Bill one that is all borrowing another
26 billion of debt with no recisions the
legislation also contains 400 million
for FEMA which has nothing to do with
supporting Israel and over9 billion
dollar for humanitarian Aid in Hamas
controlled Gaza and the West Bank a
report from the Heritage Foundation
stated the problem with Aid diversion to
Hamas and other terrorist groups plagues
all International and non-governmental
Aid organizations operating in Gaza it
is therefore highly likely that us
taxpayer funded humanitarian Aid to Gaza
including some of the aid in this bill
would again be diverted to support
further Hamas attacks against Israel why
would we knowingly be sending money into
the hands of Hamas in any Bill if we are
feeding Gaza we are feeding Hamas
therefore with great disappointment I
cannot in good conscience vote for this
bill and I yield back gentleman yields
back gentleman reserves G 8 is
recognized chairman I yield two minutes
to the general from Maryland the ranking
member of the financial services and
general governments subcommittee Mr
hoer gentleman is
recognized Mr Speaker I rise in strong
support of this
legislation all of the bills will
address the issues at hand I often say
it's never too late to do the right
thing but waiting to do the right thing
comes at a cost we saw that cost in
Israel this week as an embolden Iran
launch an unprecedented attack on our
Ally for Ukraine the cost of our
inaction is great if incalculable it is
measured in Ukrainian lives towns and
territory lost for 478 days congress's
words of support fell silent on
Ukrainian ears deafened by the air raid
sirens artillery bombardment and drone
attacks today we act we act to make it
clear to the world that America is still
the defender of Freedom democracy and
international law as well as our friends
and allies and the opponent of tyrants
and terrorists I urge my colleagues to
vote Yes vote Yes to show Jews in Israel
America and beyond that this Congress
will always stand up for their safety
vote Yes to demonstrate to Russia Iran
North Korea and every other
authoritarian desperate and to terrorist
everywhere that America remains
committed to defending Freedom here and
around the world
let our bipartisan support for our
allies endure in the months ahead
whether it's to S secure the release of
the 134 hostages held captive in Kaza or
to turn back Putin's criminal Invasion
the voice of resolve and opposition to
tyranny must not be muted nor should it
be delayed let us pray that the majority
that speaks
today will remain loud and clear for all
to
hear gentleman Reserve gentle lady
reserves gentleman is recognized I yield
to the gentleman from California Mr
Mento for one minute gentleman is
recognized Mr Speaker Ukraine and Israel
are in growing danger of running out of
arms and ammunition while China casts a
hungry eye on Taiwan history warns us of
allowing aggression to grow unchecked
and of how quickly events in an unstable
world can
unravel proplate spending is exhausting
our resources and damaging our economy
but as Reagan reminded us defense is not
a budget issue you spend what you need
to spend and although the defense of
these besed nations is one step removed
from our own it would be a very good
thing to keep it that way I regret that
the three military aid bills are LED up
with about20 billion of economic
handouts but we are out of options and
we are out of time I'm afraid that's the
price we now have to pay for months of
dithering in this house without these
bills today we and the world risk a
future butcher bill that is incalculable
I yield
back gentleman reserves gentle ladies
recognized speaker I yield two minutes
to the gentle woman from Florida the
ranking member of the military
construction and Veterans Affairs
subcommittee Miss waserman
the gentle woman is recognized Mr
Speaker It is incomprehensible that the
Israeli hostages captured on Sim Castor
are still in hamas's captivity as we
approach Passover iise to finally
provide long overdue Aid to our Ally
Israel as she fights to defend herself
against threats on multiple fronts on
October 7th Hamas launched a massacre
that led to the deadliest day for Jews
since the Holocaust Hamas murdered raped
and captured Israelis Americans Jews
Muslims mlims Christians and people from
dozens of countries Hamas broke a
ceasefire and declared war on Humanity
since that Bloody day Hamas terrorists
have promised to carry out the attack
again and again I recently visited
Israel for the third time since October
7th I saw the realities of hamas's
dedication to annihilate Israel I will
never be able to unsee the images at the
Nova Festival site where Hamas massacred
hundreds of young people the road
leading towards the site is littered
with burn marks where cars with PE
people fleeing for their lives were
burned alive on the spot you walk into
the festival site and see hundreds of
memorials to the innocent victims who
were murdered in Cold Blood at kabut
kafar Aza we saw homes riddled with bu
bullet holes and burned to the ground
with people still in them this is what
Israel is up against this is what Israel
must defend against maniacal terrorism
dedicated to the destruction of not just
the state of Israel but of all Jews
Israel fights not only to destroy
hamas's iran-backed military
capabilities but to the clear message to
our adversaries who seek to erase the
Jewish State you will not be successful
President Biden leader Jeff and
Democrats have fought for months to send
this critical security assistance as
well as life-saving humanitarian aid for
the Palestinian people who are also
victims of Hamas a vote against this
bill is a vote to deny that Aid I am
proud to support this vital effort to
help Israel in this existential ballot
battle and Aid civilians and I urge my
colleagues to join me to free Gaza from
Hamas I'm Miss High I yield back the
balance of my Time gentleman yields
gentleman is recognized I yield to the
gentleman from New York Mr Lawler one
minute gentleman is recognized our
country is at a most critical juncture
do we take a step back watch our allies
fall and allow Terror to spread or do we
stand strong as leader of the Free World
and stand up for our allies and take on
our adversaries to me the answer is
clear the legislation we're debating
today has the potential to turn the tide
in Ukraine protect our Ally Israel and
deter China from attacking Taiwan
there's no question that under the Biden
Administration the world has become a
Tinder Box conflict erupting ac across
the globe our allies are under
attack China Russia and Iran are engaged
in an Unholy Alliance seeking to
undermine and destabilize the US Israel
and the Free World We are the leader of
the Free World it requires us to lead we
cannot abdicate the responsibilities
that come along with it the time for
choosing is here the time for Action is
now I choose to act in defense of
Freedom democracy and America's role in
the world I support Aid to our allies I
support holding our adversaries
accountable and I support America being
that shining City upon a hill we cannot
in Victory at all
cost gentleman yields back gentleman
reserves gentle woman is recognized Mr
Speaker I yield one and a half minutes
to the general woman from Florida a
member of the Appropriations Committee
Miss Frankle gentoman is recognized
thank you Mrs speaker I urge support of
this bill which sends military aid to
Israel to defend herself protects US
troops in the Middle East and provides
urgently needed food and medicine to
those suffering in places like Gaza
Sudan and Ukraine Mr Speaker my
grandfather Abe he fled Europe as the
Nazis took over as they murdered six
million Jews today almost half of the
world's Jewish population over 7 million
people live in Israel and with calls
from River river to the Sea ir's Iran's
regime and its proxies have vowed to
wipe Israel off the map
hisa fires Rockets Hamas BR brutally
attacks innocent
Israelis raping women taking hostages
Iran sends a barrage of missiles as it
builds its nuclear Arsenal make no
mistake Iran is not our friend either
Israel's security is our security and
without our attention and resources the
Middle East is at risk the fun this in
this bill will save life missile defense
for our Ally protecting our troops in
the Middle East and humanitarian aid for
the heartbreaking need around the world
I yield back gentlewoman
yields
reserves gentleman is recognized I yield
to the gentleman from New Jersey Mr
Keane Kane for one minute the gentleman
is recognized Mr Speaker I rise today in
support of HR
8034 the Israel Security Supplemental
Appropriations Act of 2024 this bill
will ensure that Israel has the means to
defeat its enemies and defend its people
this legislation also sends a signal to
Iran and proxies that the United States
stands with its allies and partners in
the Middle East and will remain a strong
presence in the region I also urge
support for the Ukraine security
supplemental Appropriations Act of
2024 Ukraine is fighting for its life
every day against Vladimir Putin make
more no mistake Putin is seeking to
extend his control over Central and
Eastern Europe including Nations who are
now NATO allies he does not recognize
National sovereignty or borders Putin is
deepening his ties with
Iran these bills are not only for the
security and preservation of Israel
Ukraine and Taiwan but also for
continued American leadership on the
world stage we must stand together with
our allies against authoritarianism
thank
you gentleman reserves Goman is
recognized Mr Speaker I yield a minute
and a half to the gentleman from
Wisconsin Mr poan a member of the
Appropriations Committee gentleman is
recognized thank you thank you Mr
Speaker since the October 7th Hamas
attack Netanyahu has responded with a
widespread bombing campaign in Gaza just
yesterday nine Palestinians were killed
in a strike near Rafa six being children
this is anything but going after Hamas
this is a collective punishment of all
Palestinians in Gaza Netanyahu doesn't
support the United States position of a
two-state solution for peace he doesn't
respect our urges not to invade Rafa he
disputes with the US and Aid groups have
said about famine taking over in Gaza
and he launched an attack on Iran after
the White House told him not to if he's
not listening to us on matters of
International Security how can he be
trusted with more offensive weapons
enough is enough I support the people of
Israel who don't want bombs reigning on
them from extremists and Gaza and the
hostages must be released and I also
support the Palestinians who deserve
human rights and dignity 35,000 people
have been killed and thousands more will
die from starvations and disease we are
better than that so is Israel I'm not
sure Netanyahu is and that's why I can't
vote to provide him with more
unconditional offensive weapons today
and I urge a no vote and I yield back
gentleman reserves gentleman recognized
Mr Speaker I yield one minute to the
gentleman from New Jersey Chris Smith
thank you gentleman is recognized Mr
Speaker of the United States must make
absolutely clear in both word and deed
not just today but every day and without
equivocation that we stand with Israel
both defensive weapons systems like Iron
Dome and David sling and all necessary
offensive military capabilities must be
conveyed without delay to Israel for as
long as it takes to defeat Hamas and to
deter Iran Hezbollah and other radical
islamists of significance HR
834 prohibits Aid to Gaza from flowing
through unra an anti-semitic disgraceful
organization that teaches Palestinian
children to hate Jews glorifies suicidal
martyrdom and the restation of Israel as
a state unra is a child soldiers Factory
that we have funded for a decade 21
years ago and this floor 2003 I offered
an amendment that passed the house to
Def fund unra Senate never fail never
acted a few weeks ago the Foreign
Affairs committee passed my bill to stop
unref unding this bill and I thank my
friends for bringing it to the floor
defunds unra Israel has an absolute
right to exist free from aggression
gentle time Medica thank you gentleman
reserves gentoman is recognized speaker
I yeld one minute to the gentleman from
California Mr Sherman gentleman is
recognized I want to focus on the 40% of
this bill that gets little or no
attention it provides $9.1 billion
dollar in humanitarian Aid and that Aid
is unarm marked so at a hearing last
week I got the administration to go on
record as to where that money will be
spent it will be spent in Haiti where
80% of the capital is in the hands of
gangs and hundreds of thousands have
been forced to flee it will be spent in
Sudan where 18 million people face acute
food insecurity due to Civil War it'll
be spent in Ethiopia where we've seen
the highest casualty war of this decade
500,000 Tans have died and now Millions
face famine it will be spent in eastern
Congo where 7 million people have been
displaced by War it'll be spent on the
1.1 million rohinga in camps uh are
there due to ethnic cleansing by Myanmar
and where rations have recently been cut
by 30% due to lack of funding it'll be
spent in Armenia where 120,000 refugees
are there because of azan's ethnic
cleansing it will be spent to meet the
critical needs in Gaza this bill will
save hundreds of thousand thousands I
believe millions of lives vote Yes and I
want to commend President Biden for
putting this whole package together back
in October it is time time
expired gentleman reserves gentleman is
recognized Mr Speaker I yield one minute
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania Mr
Fitzpatrick gentleman is recognized Mr
Speaker several months ago myself and a
bipartisan group of my colleagues
introduced a bill the defending voters
defending democracies act and that is
exactly what we would be voting on today
first defending our border our border
from cartels there are 200 kids today
dying in this country from fentanyl that
we can trace directly back to that
southern border that's the equivalent of
a Boeing 747 aircraft crashing every
single day and nobody caring about it we
have to fix our Southern border second
we're also going to defend the borders
of our Democratic allies Israel Taiwan
and Ukraine Taiwan and and is uh and
Ukraine being invaded by communist
dictators and Israel being invaded by
terrorists I would hope that we could
all agree on those two concepts in this
chamber we have to defend borders and
defend democracies you can't pick and
choose which one of those you're going
to support that is hypocritical and
intellectually inconsistent defend our
border and the borders of Ukraine Israel
and Taiwan all the above I'm proudly
going to vote for all three and I yeld
back gentleman reserves gentan is
recognized speaker I yield one minute to
the gentle woman from North Carolina
Miss Manning gentle woman is recognized
Mr Speaker I rise in strong support of
HR
8034 the long overdue Aid to our
Democratic Ally
Israel Israel is fighting an existential
battle against Iran and its proxies
Hamas and Hezbollah I have seen with my
own eyes the gruesome Devastation
wrought by hamas's October 7th terrorist
attack and I worry every day about the
hostages who are still being held by
Hamas last Saturday
Iran Unleashed an unprecedented attack
on Israel with 300 drones and missiles
if only one ballistic missile had hit
its Target there would have been
devastating loss of life loss of Jews
Muslims and Christians I ask my
colleagues to remember a no vote would
deny much needed humanitarian Aid and
much needed funding for the nonprofit
security grant program to help high-risk
religious institutions in our country
country the world is watching to see if
we will stand with our allies with
Israel and Ukraine in their time of need
I urge my colleagues to vote Yes
gentleman reserves the gentleman is
recognized Mr Speaker I yield 30 seconds
to the gentleman from South Carolina Mr
Wilson the gentleman's recognized thank
you Mr Speaker we're in a war we didn't
choose dictators with rule of gun
invading democracies with rule of law we
see this with the invasion by uh Putin
but I'm really grateful to see the
bipartisanship here today Donald Trump
uh established the embassy in Jerusalem
he stood with Israel he sent Javelin
missiles to stop Putin and Ukraine he
put American troops in Poland to stop
war criminal Putin it was Donald Trump
that tried to stop northstream 2 which
finances the oppression by Putin of the
people of Russia leading to the
assassination of Alexi naali are you
back reserves the general woman is is
recognized speaker I yield one minute to
the gentle woman from Texas Miss Jackson
Lee the gentle woman is
recognized we can Don a lesson to come
to this floor today to be the American
and the
America that we have known around the
world to become and that is Freedom
loving democracy standing for and
watching our men and women go overseas
in many instances to shed their blood
for others as well as the American
people I cannot stand by while babies
die and while mothers lose their babies
in their womb stand today so that we can
make sure that the people in Gaza
continuously have the funding that is NE
necessary that Israel and Ukraine can
stand up for others while they're
fighting for
democracy it is important to take note
that our allies include Taiwan as well
it is important to note as well that the
future of America is not yesterday it is
now are we going to accept the challenge
of being the kind of nation that does
not selfishly stand for S but fights for
others let us vote for the this funding
bill because the
war and must end now end the war now in
peace I yield
back Goman reserves the gentleman is
recognized Mr Speaker may I inquire how
much time is
remaining the gentleman has three and a
half minutes remaining I reserve the
gentleman reserves the gentle woman is
recognized reserve the gentoman
reserves is everybody prepared to close
I i' like to ask the Gent lady we have
one more speaker remaining the uh gent
lady have any
speakers we have no more
speakers I'll I'll yield myself uh what
time I may consume the gentleman is
recognized
uh I I'm I'm prepared to close so I'm
going the gentleman
reserves I I reserve the reserve G any
more time the gentle woman is
recognized I am prepared to close and I
reserve the gentlewoman is recognized to
close this
bill provides
urgently needed humanitarian aid for
millions of civilians who have been
caught in a crossfire across many
theaters whether it is Ukraine against
the Russian aggression Israel in its war
against Iran and its proxies like Hamas
Hezbollah and hutis our Indo Pacific
Partners against an adversarial
China innocent families today are in
danger children are starving and
civilian casualties are mounting in
Conflict zones all around the world the
humanitarian support in this bill would
make sure that we are not leaving these
people behind it
is again so critically important that
the United States demonstrate its
support for its allies and it is is
leadership when it comes to humanitarian
assistance wherever it is needed and we
come here to govern we come here to take
our responsibilities seriously and I
believe that the majority of people here
do take responsibilities seriously today
we have the ability to help to make a
difference and in this piece of
legislation in addition to our support
for our Ally Israel we have the moral
responsibility to provide humanitarian
assistance the United States cannot
stand by and watch people starve to
death be caught in crossfires without
our standing up and saying no I urge my
colleagues to vote for this bill it
really the moment as I said at another
meeting this week the moment has met us
we need to meet that moment I yield
back the gentoman yields back the
gentleman is recognized in
closing this is the day we're going to
act I urge all my colleagues to support
these critical National Security bills
they provide the resources necessary to
bolster our military reassure our allies
and partners and commit to stand against
tyranny the world is waiting watching
and wanting America to lead this is our
moment I yield the balance of my
Time gentleman
yields all time for debate has expired
pursuant to house resolution
1160 the previous question is ordered on
the bill the question is on engrossment
and third reading of the bill those in
favor say
I those oppose
no the eyes have it third reading a bill
making emergency supplemental
Appropriations to respond to the
situation in Israel for related expenses
for the fiscal year ending September
30th 2024 and for other
purposes under Clause 10 of rule 20 the
Y and nays are ordered pursuant to
Clause 8 of rule 20 further proceedings
on this question are
postponed pursuant to Clause 8 of rule
20 the finished business is the vote on
the motion of the gentleman from Alabama
Mr Moore to suspend the rules and pass
HR 3602 as amended on which the Y's and
nays are ordered the clerk will report
the title HR
3602 a bill to prohibit the intentional
hindering of immigration border and
Customs controls and for other
purposes the question is will the house
suspend the rules and pass the bill as
amended
members will record their votes by
electronic device this is a 15minute
vote
for
e
e e
look
what's
e
e e
for e
for
spe
that's
than e
that
know
e
e for
for
[Music]
e
e e
[Music]
have all members voted does any
does any member wish to change their
vote
on this vote the Y's are 215 the Nays
are are 199 2/3 not being in the
affirmative the rules are not suspended
the bill is not
passed resu 60 and rule 18 the chair
declares the house in the committee of
the whole on the state of the union for
the further consideration of
hr838 will the gentleman from New York
Mr Molinaro kindly take the
chair the houses in the committee of the
whole house on the state of the union
for the further consideration of
hr838 which the clerk will report by
title hr838 a bill to authorize the
president to impose certain sanctions
with respect to Russia and Iran and for
other purposes
when the committee of the hall Rose
earlier today a request for recorded
vote on amendment number two printed on
in part e of house report 18- 466
offered by the gentleman from Iowa Mr
nun had been
postponed pursuant to Clause six of the
rule of rule 18 the unfinished business
is the request for a recorded vote on
amendment number two printed in part e
of house report 11 18- 466 offered by
the gentleman from Iowa Mr nun on which
further proceedings were postponed and
on which the eyes prevailed by Voice
vote the clerk will redesignate the
amendment amendment number two printed
in part e of house report number 11 18-
466 offered by Mr nun of
Iowa a recorded vote has been requested
those in support of the request for
recorded vote will rise and be counted a
sufficient number having risen a
recorded vote is ordered members will
record their votes by electronic device
this will be a two-minute
vote e
Dan
one
minute 30 seconds
[Music]
have all members
vedes any member wish to change their
vot
on this vote the Y's are
249 and the Nays are
167 the amendment is adopted there being
no further Amendment under the rule the
committee
Rises and then she read something to
you you come here and
face Mr
[Music]
Speaker Mr Speaker the committee of the
whole house on the State of the Union
has had under consideration
hr838 and pursuant to house resolution
1160 I report the bill as amended by
that resolution back to the house with
Su further amendments adopted in the
committee of the whole beautiful thank
you again the chair of the committee of
the whole on the State of the Union
reports that the committee has had under
consideration the bill HR 8038 and
pursuant to house resolution 1160
reports the bill as amended pursuant to
that resolution back to the house with
sunry further amendments adopted in the
committee of the whole under the rule
the previous question is ordered
pursuant to house resolution 1160 the
question on adoption of the further
amendments will be put in Gross the
question is on adoption of the amendment
those in favor please say I those
opposed please say no the eyes have it
the amendments are adopted the question
is on the engrossment and third reading
of the bill those in favor please say I
those opposed no the eyes have it third
reading the bill to authorize a
president to impose certain sanctions
with respect to Russia and Iran and for
other
purposes the question is on the passage
of the bill those in favor please say I
those opposed say no the eyes have it
the
bill for what purp is the gentleman from
Texas I request the Y and the
Nays had one the A's and nays are
requested those favoring a vote by the Y
and A's will rise sufficient number
having risen the A and nays are ordered
members will record their votes by
electronic device pursuant to Clause
nine of rule 20 the chair will reduce to
5 minutes the minimum time for the
electronic vote on the question of
passage of HR 8036 then this is a
5minute
vote
[Music]
e
for
e e
two
minutes e
one
minute e
[Music]
have all members voted do any member
should change their
on this vot the a are 360 and the Nays
are 58 the bill is passed without
objection a motion to reconsider is laid
on the
table pursuant to Clause eight of rule
20 the unfinished business is the vote
on the passage of HR 8036 on which the a
and A's are ordered the clerk will
report the title of the bill hr836 a
bill making emergency supplemental
Appropriations for assistance for the
indopacific region and for related
expenses for the fiscal year ending
September 30th 2024 and for other
purposes the question is on the passage
of the bill members will record their
votes by electronic device this is a
5minute
vote
e
e e
2 minutes
for
one
it
e e
all members voted any wish to
change on this vote the yays are 385 and
the NOS are 34 with one answering
present the bill is passed without
objection a motion to reconsider is laid
on the table
pursuant to house resolution 1160 and
rule 18 the chair declares the house in
the committee of the whole house on the
state of the union for further
consideration of HR
8035 will the gentleman from New York Mr
Morano kindly take the
chair the houses in the committee of the
whole on the state of the union for the
further consider ation of HR 8035 which
the clerk will report by title A bill
making emergency supplemental
Appropriations to respond to the
situation in Ukraine and for related
expenses for the fiscal year ending
September 30th 2024 and for other
purposes when the committee of the whole
Rose earlier today request for recorded
vote on amendment number four printed in
Part B of house report 18- 466 offered
by the gentoman from Florida Miss Mrs C
had been
postponed pursuant to Clause six of rule
18 proceedings will now resume on those
amendments printed in Part B of house
report 18- 466 on which further
proceedings were postponed in the
following order amendment number one by
Miss sparts of Indiana amendment number
two by Ms Green of Georgia amendment
number four by Ms kamik of Florida the
chair will reduce to 2 minutes the
minimum time for any electronic vote in
this
series The Unfinished Business is the
request for recorded vote on amendment
number one printed in Part B of house
report 18- 466 offered by the the
gentlewoman from Indiana Miss sparts on
which further proceedings were postponed
and on which the NOS prevailed by Voice
vote the clerk will redesignate the
amendment amendment number one printed
in par B of house report number 11 18-
466 offered by Ms sparts of Indiana
recorded vote has been requested those
in support of the request for recorded
vote will rise and be counted a
sufficient number having risen a
recorded vote is ordered members will
record their votes by electronic device
this is a two-minute
vote e
one minute
second
have all members voted does any member
wish to change their vote
on this vote the a are 105 The Nay are
319 the amendment is not
adopted The Unfinished Business of the
request for recorded vote on amendment
number two printed in Part B of house
report 11 18- 466 offered by The Gentle
woman from Georgia Miss green on which
further proceedings were postponed and
on which the NOS prevailed by Voice vote
the clerk will redesignate the amendment
amendment number two printed in Part B
of house report number 11 18- 466
offered by M green of
Georgia a recorded vote has been
requested those in support of the
request for a recorded vote will rise
and be counted a sufficient number
having risen a recorded vote is ordered
members will record their votes by
electronic device this is a two-minute
vote e
one minute
30 seconds
have all members voted does any member
wish to change the vote
on this vote the A's are 71 the Nays are
351 the amendment is not
adopted the unfinished business is the
request for recorded vote on amendment
number four printed in Part B of house
report1 18- 466 offered by The Gentle
woman from Florida Miss kamik on which
further proceedings were postponed and
on which the NOS prevailed by Voice vote
the clerk will redesignate the amendment
amendment number four printed in farb of
house report number 11- 466 offered by
Mrs Kik of
Florida a recorded vote has been
requested those in support of the
request for recorded vote will rise and
be counted a sufficient number having
risen a recorded vote is ordered members
will record their votes by electronic
device this is a two-minute vote
e
30 second
don't
[Music]
all members
voted to change their vote
[Music]
Mr
Jam
on this vote the Y's are 154 the Nays
are 272
the amendment is not
adopted there being no further
amendments under the rule the committee
Rises State of the Union has had under
consideration h R
835 and pursuant to house resolution
1160 I report the bill as amended by
that resolution back to the house thank
you
Mr the chair of the committee the whole
house on the State of the Union reports
that the committee has had under
consideration the bill HR 8035 and
pursuant to house resolution 1160
reports the bill as amended by that
resolution back to the house under the
rule the previous question is
ordered the question is on the
engrossment and third reading of the
bill those in favor please say
I those oppose say no the eyes have it
third reading making emergency
supplemental Appropriations to respond
to the situation in Ukraine and for
related expenses for the fiscal year
ending September 30th 2024 and the
purposes the house will be in
order the house will be in
order for what purpos does gentleman
from Texas seek recognition speaker
motion the clerk will report the motion
Mr boy Texas moves to recommit the bill
HR 835 to the committee on
Appropriations pursuant to Clause 2B of
rule 19 the previous question is ordered
on the motion to rec the question is on
the motion to recommit those in favor
please say I I those opposed please say
no
no it's close in the opinion of the
chair
the in the opinion of the chair the NOS
have it m speaker the gentleman the
gentleman from Texas request recorded
vote a recorded vote is requested those
favoring a recorded vote will rise
a sufficient number having risen a
recorded vote is ordered members will
record their vote by electronic device
pursuant to Clause 9 of rule 20 the this
five minute vote on the motion to
recommit will be followed by five minute
votes on passage of HR 8035 and passage
of HR
8034 this is a five minute
vote
e
e e
two minutes
for e
one minute
have all members voted does any member
wish to change their V
on this vote the a are 88 the Nays are
336 the motion is not adopted the
question is on the passage of the bill
pursuant to Clause 10 of rule 20 the A's
and nays are ordered members will record
their vote by electronic device this is
a 5minute
[Music]
vote
e
[Music]
e e
the house will be in
order members are
reminded members are reminded of has to
for 45 seconds
for
[Music]
[Applause]
BL
[Music]
the house will be in order it is a
violation of the to flag on the floor
the the chair has said it the speaker
repeated it put the flags
[Music]
down the house will be in order
have all members voted does any member
wish to change your V
on this vote the A's are 311 and the
Nays are 112 the bill is passed
oh one voting
present I miss it but thank
you
okay the house will be in
order the house will be in order
the chair would remind my colleagues to
observe proper decorum flag waving on
the floor is not is not
appropriate the house will be in
order without objection a motion to
reconsider is laid on the table gentle
for what purpose does the gentleman from
Florida rise I said no the gentle woman
from Florida
stand the gentle woman is not recog
IED colleagues no I'm going
to the house will be in
order for
sure all members are reminded to observe
decorum
speakers speakers are reminded to
address the chair and pursuant to Clause
8 of rule 20 the unfinished business is
the vote on the passage of hr8 34 on
which the A's and nays are ordered the
clerk will report the title of the bill
HR 834 a bill making emergency
supplemental Appropriations to respond
to the situation in Israel and for
related expenses for the fiscal year
ending September 30th 2024 and for other
purposes the question is on the passage
of the bill members will record their
votes by electronic device this is a
five-minute vote
leave
e
for e
this
e
e e
have all members voted do any member
wish to change their
vote on this vote the A's are 366 and
the Nays are 58 the bill is
passed without objection a motion to
reconsider is laid on the table
[Applause]
pursuant to house resolution 1160 the
Senate amendment to HR 815 is considered
as agreed to with the amendment
described in section six of house
resolution
1160 chair lays before the house a
communication the speaker rooms
Washington DC April 20th
2024 I hereby designate the period from
Saturday April 20th 20 24 through Sunday
April 28th 2024 as a district work
period under section 3z of house
resolution 5 signed Mike Johnson Speaker
of the House of
Representatives e
not
General
so
e
for e
Ro
e
e e
for what purpose do a gentleman from
Florida seek recognition Mr Speaker I
ask to consent to take from the
speaker's table the concurrent
resolution escon res 29 and ask for
immediate consideration in the house the
clerk will report the title of the
concurrent resolution Senate concurrent
resolution 29 concurrent resolution
providing for a correction in the
enrollment of HR
815 there is there objection to the
consideration of the concurrent
resolution without objection the
concurrent resolution is agreed to and
the motion to reconsider is laid on the
table than you
pursuant to section 3z of house
resolution 5 the house stands adjourned
until 10:30 a.m. on Tuesday April 23rd
e e